
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               152673441250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 887406                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1667946                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               38751048                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1218252                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   393.99                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   349624750                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     657146264                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         258368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             258368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       219392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          219392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            4037                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                4037                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3428                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3428                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16922917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16922917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        14370017                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             14370017                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        14370017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16922917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             31292935                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        4037                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3428                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      4037                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3428                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 258368                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  219648                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  258368                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               219392                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267960500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  4037                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3428                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    4034                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4659                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    102.573084                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    77.260505                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   141.581270                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4066     87.27%     87.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          279      5.99%     93.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           87      1.87%     95.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           59      1.27%     96.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           44      0.94%     97.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           43      0.92%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           25      0.54%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           25      0.54%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           31      0.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4659                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          194                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      20.819588                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     20.459881                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      4.325299                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17            17      8.76%      8.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19            71     36.60%     45.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21            66     34.02%     79.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23            13      6.70%     86.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25             5      2.58%     88.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27             4      2.06%     90.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29             3      1.55%     92.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31             5      2.58%     94.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             3      1.55%     96.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             6      3.09%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-41             1      0.52%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           194                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          194                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.690722                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.674836                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.732104                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               30     15.46%     15.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.52%     15.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              162     83.51%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                1      0.52%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           194                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    349608000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               425301750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   20185000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     86600.94                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               105350.94                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.92                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        14.39                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.92                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     14.37                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       73                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2735                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                79.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2045272.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    37.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 14965440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  7950525                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                12916260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                7344540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1124791200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            380095380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             46363680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2807767560                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      2107743840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        765381180                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7275912915                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            476.567035                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14308851375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     75915750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     477318000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2665424750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5489010625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     402387500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6157287500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 18314100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  9730380                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                15907920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               10570500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1320246720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            517532640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             60269760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3289545240                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2360565600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        305355840                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7909469010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            518.064501                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13965482625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    106040750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     560352000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    611042750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   6147292875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     628596500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7214019250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13189075                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13189075                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1036149                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11081871                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 987178                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            200755                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11081871                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3755633                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7326238                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       743641                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10082250                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7607247                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       119718                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        40735                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    9009321                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        15505                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9700522                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59502754                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13189075                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4742811                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19711407                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2091058                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                8416                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        68546                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8993816                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               252142                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534420                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.727248                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.572276                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12354455     40.46%     40.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  851638      2.79%     43.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1272057      4.17%     47.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1423693      4.66%     52.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1125401      3.69%     55.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1128625      3.70%     59.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1053487      3.45%     62.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  923641      3.02%     65.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10401423     34.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534420                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.431937                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.948694                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8646213                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4215459                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15689946                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               937273                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1045529                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108472481                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1045529                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9392584                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3117447                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         17613                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15817078                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1144169                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103589451                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  321                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 72329                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    56                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               1010289                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          110158716                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            260828587                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       155728925                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3159747                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             70231858                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                39926887                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1074                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1395                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1017279                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11912004                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8934282                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           512985                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          198447                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  93759511                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              58539                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 84116267                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           439072                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       28076473                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40521358                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         58515                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534420                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.754802                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.515744                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9524775     31.19%     31.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2862653      9.38%     40.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3139154     10.28%     50.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3193971     10.46%     61.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3201963     10.49%     71.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2801469      9.17%     80.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3126644     10.24%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1651996      5.41%     96.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1031795      3.38%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534420                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 812370     73.67%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                14694      1.33%     75.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     75.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     75.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     75.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     75.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     75.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     75.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     75.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     75.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     75.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     75.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     75.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     75.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     75.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     75.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     75.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     75.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     75.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     75.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     75.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     75.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     75.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     75.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     75.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     75.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                100193      9.09%     84.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                87610      7.94%     92.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              475      0.04%     92.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           87375      7.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           512162      0.61%      0.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             63735528     75.77%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               76306      0.09%     76.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                87373      0.10%     76.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1171991      1.39%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10216763     12.15%     90.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7649024      9.09%     99.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         389392      0.46%     99.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        277728      0.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              84116267                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.754777                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1102717                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013109                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         196371359                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        118870790                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     78795632                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3937389                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3024860                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1786392                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              82720555                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                1986267                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1316767                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4036837                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        10566                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3052                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2480580                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           97                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1045529                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3172958                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 2242                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           93818050                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            16666                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11912004                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8934282                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             20713                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   190                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 1986                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          3052                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        296933                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1076192                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1373125                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             81673598                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             10075544                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2442674                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17675527                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8870789                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7599983                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.674781                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      81149293                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     80582024                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 56304050                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 88340693                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.639032                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.637351                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       28076939                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             24                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1044798                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26319605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.497819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.746515                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9158096     34.80%     34.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3849628     14.63%     49.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2684123     10.20%     59.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3650928     13.87%     73.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1141833      4.34%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1179894      4.48%     82.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       830455      3.16%     85.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       475772      1.81%     87.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3348876     12.72%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26319605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            34709212                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              65741602                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      14328880                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7875173                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7641941                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1340598                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 64734555                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              476201                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       266994      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        49999137     76.05%     76.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          55891      0.09%     76.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           78022      0.12%     76.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       1012678      1.54%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7591865     11.55%     89.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6453707      9.82%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       283308      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         65741602                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3348876                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   116789270                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  191935349                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             27                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            268                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   34709212                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     65741602                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.879729                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.879729                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.136714                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.136714                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               118354320                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               63106984                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2520869                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1246101                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 41331307                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21605608                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35869733                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5521                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             575364                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           104.213729                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          547                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          218                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60417169                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60417169                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8640919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8640919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6453501                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6453501                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     15094420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        15094420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     15094420                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       15094420                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         5043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3449                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3449                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         8492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          8492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         8492                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         8492                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    170248000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    170248000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    567069000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    567069000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    737317000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    737317000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    737317000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    737317000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8645962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8645962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6456950                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6456950                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     15102912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15102912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     15102912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15102912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000583                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000583                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000534                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000534                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33759.270276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33759.270276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 164415.482749                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164415.482749                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86824.894018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86824.894018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86824.894018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86824.894018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         4147                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             4147                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2968                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2968                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3431                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3431                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5524                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5524                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     94501000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94501000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    561793500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    561793500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    656294500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    656294500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    656294500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    656294500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000531                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000531                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45150.979455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45150.979455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 163740.454678                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163740.454678                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 118807.838523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118807.838523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 118807.838523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118807.838523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1261                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.000021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             849474                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1261                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           673.651071                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.000021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          995                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35976529                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35976529                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8992512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8992512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8992512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8992512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8992512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8992512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1304                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1304                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16630000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16630000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16630000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16630000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16630000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16630000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8993816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8993816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8993816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8993816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8993816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8993816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12753.067485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12753.067485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12753.067485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12753.067485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12753.067485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12753.067485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1261                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1261                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15145000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15145000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15145000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15145000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15145000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15145000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11972.332016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11972.332016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11972.332016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11972.332016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11972.332016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11972.332016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4045                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        5034                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      4045                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.244499                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       37.348054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        26.803371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16319.848575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.996085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          239                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2353                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13766                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    112421                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   112421                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4147                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             4147                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1261                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1261                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1261                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1261                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1478                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1478                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1261                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1484                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2745                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3421                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3421                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          615                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             615                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               4036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              4036                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4036                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    556461500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     556461500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     75729000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     75729000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    632190500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        632190500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    632190500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       632190500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4147                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4147                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1261                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1261                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3427                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3427                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1261                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1261                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2093                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          2093                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 6781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                6781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998249                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.998249                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.293837                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.293837                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.731159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.595192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.731159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.595192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 162660.479392                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162660.479392                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 123136.585366                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123136.585366                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 156637.884044                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156637.884044                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 156637.884044                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156637.884044                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3428                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3428                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           10                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            10                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             4                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3421                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3421                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          615                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          615                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          4036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        81000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        81000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    522241500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    522241500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     69579000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69579000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    591820500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    591820500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    591820500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    591820500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.293837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.731159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.595192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.731159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.595192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20250                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20250                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 152657.556270                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152657.556270                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 113136.585366                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113136.585366                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 146635.406343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 146635.406343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 146635.406343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 146635.406343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          8083                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         4047                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                615                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3428                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              614                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3422                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3422                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           615                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        12120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        12120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  12120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       477760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       477760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  477760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              4041                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    4041    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                4041                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            22804500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           22196250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        13571                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         6784                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           28                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             13                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           13                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              3358                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7575                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1261                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1991                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3427                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3428                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1265                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         2093                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3787                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        16570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 20357                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       161408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       618752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 780160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            4049                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    219648                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            10834                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.003969                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.062878                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  10791     99.60%     99.60% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     43      0.40%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              10834                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           12193500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1897500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           8283500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
