
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3419885084000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              112017618                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                207490927                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              308022683                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    49.57                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5552223964                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10284420724                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12110720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12110720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        49920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           49920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          189230                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              189230                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           780                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                780                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         793243402                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             793243402                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         3269724                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              3269724                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         3269724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        793243402                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            796513126                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      189228                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        780                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    189228                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      780                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12104320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    6400                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   49280                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12110592                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                49920                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    100                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267482500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                189228                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  780                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  142939                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   42997                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3140                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97510                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    124.636899                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   107.103705                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.999949                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        44772     45.92%     45.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        42636     43.72%     89.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8729      8.95%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1192      1.22%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          131      0.13%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           19      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           13      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97510                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           48                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    3890.979167                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   3792.241315                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    848.934664                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      2.08%      2.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            1      2.08%      4.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            6     12.50%     16.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            2      4.17%     20.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            1      2.08%     22.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            4      8.33%     31.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            4      8.33%     39.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            8     16.67%     56.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            9     18.75%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            3      6.25%     81.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            2      4.17%     85.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            3      6.25%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            3      6.25%     97.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      2.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            48                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           48                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.041667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.039309                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.288675                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               47     97.92%     97.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      2.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            48                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4703365750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8249553250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  945650000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24868.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.05                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43618.89                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       792.82                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         3.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    793.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      3.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    91727                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     657                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 48.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      80351.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.65                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                354729480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                188546985                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               689923920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                3038040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1631259060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24462240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5196020250                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        88910400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9382199415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.527277                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11626715375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9372500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    231702250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3121384000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11395025375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                341534760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                181503465                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               660464280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 981360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1576533360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24480000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5228743950                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       107420640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9326356215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            610.869588                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11746365250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9438000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509602875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    279904500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3001415250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11466983500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1878785                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1878785                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            92395                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1527027                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  71862                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             11313                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1527027                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            769261                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          757766                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        35781                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     909092                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     100066                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       164704                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1682                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1498985                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         8026                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1541465                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5746848                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1878785                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            841123                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28751838                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 190012                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2470                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1942                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        66764                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1490959                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                13298                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      7                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30459485                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.380400                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.555528                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28288200     92.87%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   39305      0.13%     93.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  690373      2.27%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   47109      0.15%     95.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  153583      0.50%     95.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   91297      0.30%     96.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  102349      0.34%     96.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   37661      0.12%     96.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1009608      3.31%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30459485                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.061530                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.188207                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  824056                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28070736                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1125654                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               344033                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 95006                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               9611604                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 95006                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  940242                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26760885                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         28172                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1271270                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1363910                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               9185105                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                86971                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1048648                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                244084                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1503                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           10913789                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             25159219                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12342276                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            72299                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3768269                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 7145521                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               388                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           492                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2102318                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1559475                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             144781                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             6437                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            6898                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8615004                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               8105                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6262148                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             9777                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5490489                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10800356                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          8105                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30459485                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.205589                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.850766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28046821     92.08%     92.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             893944      2.93%     95.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             492087      1.62%     96.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             340185      1.12%     97.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             364112      1.20%     98.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             134603      0.44%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             111056      0.36%     99.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              45740      0.15%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              30937      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30459485                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  19568     71.90%     71.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     71.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     71.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 2136      7.85%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4755     17.47%     97.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  456      1.68%     98.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              290      1.07%     99.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              12      0.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            29594      0.47%      0.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              5118887     81.74%     82.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2355      0.04%     82.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                19348      0.31%     82.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              26236      0.42%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              952745     15.21%     98.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             107527      1.72%     99.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           5428      0.09%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            28      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               6262148                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.205083                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      27217                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004346                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          42954614                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         14052676                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5958480                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              66161                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             60926                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        28621                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               6225641                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  34130                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            8577                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1009234                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          379                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        89602                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           72                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1223                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 95006                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24372597                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               281996                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8623109                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             6223                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1559475                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              144781                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2957                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 22741                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                74661                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         46558                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        61450                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              108008                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              6123216                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               908622                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           138932                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1008657                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  704842                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    100035                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.200533                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       6015664                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5987101                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4432758                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  7076192                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.196075                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.626433                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5491291                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            95003                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29667284                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.105592                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.626349                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28392336     95.70%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       562750      1.90%     97.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       145813      0.49%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       360409      1.21%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        73671      0.25%     99.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        42208      0.14%     99.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11033      0.04%     99.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7417      0.03%     99.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        71647      0.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29667284                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1569268                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3132620                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        605420                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       550241                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    527631                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     22200                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3110143                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                9750                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         6757      0.22%      0.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2484595     79.31%     79.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            390      0.01%     79.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           16498      0.53%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         18960      0.61%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         547001     17.46%     98.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         55179      1.76%     99.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         3240      0.10%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3132620                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                71647                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    38219548                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   18042948                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            601                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          75204                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1569268                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3132620                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             19.457919                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       19.457919                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.051393                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.051393                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 6449435                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                5197101                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    50710                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   25348                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3648583                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1665498                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3094705                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           260181                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             472884                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           260181                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.817519                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          800                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4055873                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4055873                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       426764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         426764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        54094                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         54094                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       480858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          480858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       480858                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         480858                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       466980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       466980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1085                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1085                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       468065                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        468065                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       468065                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       468065                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34908708500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34908708500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     63497500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     63497500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34972206000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34972206000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34972206000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34972206000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       893744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       893744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        55179                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        55179                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       948923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       948923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       948923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       948923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.522499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.522499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.019663                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019663                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.493259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.493259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.493259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.493259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74754.183263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74754.183263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 58523.041475                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58523.041475                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74716.558598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74716.558598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74716.558598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74716.558598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        26771                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              942                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    28.419321                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2458                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2458                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       207875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       207875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       207885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       207885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       207885                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       207885                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       259105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       259105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1075                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1075                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       260180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       260180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       260180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       260180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19117909000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19117909000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     61483500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61483500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19179392500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19179392500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19179392500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19179392500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.289910                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.289910                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.019482                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019482                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.274185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.274185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.274185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.274185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73784.407866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73784.407866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57193.953488                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57193.953488                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73715.860174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73715.860174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73715.860174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73715.860174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5963836                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5963836                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1490959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1490959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1490959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1490959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1490959                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1490959                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1490959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1490959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1490959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1490959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1490959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1490959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    189246                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      339572                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    189246                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.794342                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.247949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.752051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10526                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4538                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4350038                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4350038                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2458                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2458                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               544                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   544                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         70408                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             70408                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                70952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    70952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               70952                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   70952                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             531                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 531                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       188697                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          188697                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             189228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 189228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            189228                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                189228                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     53918500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      53918500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17956644500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17956644500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18010563000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18010563000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18010563000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18010563000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2458                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2458                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1075                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1075                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       259105                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        259105                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           260180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               260180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          260180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              260180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.493953                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.493953                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.728265                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.728265                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.727296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.727296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.727296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.727296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101541.431262                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101541.431262                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95161.261175                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95161.261175                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95179.164817                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95179.164817                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95179.164817                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95179.164817                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  780                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       780                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            6                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             6                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          531                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            531                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       188697                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       188697                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        189228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            189228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       189228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           189228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     48608500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48608500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16069664500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16069664500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16118273000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16118273000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16118273000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16118273000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.493953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.493953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.728265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.728265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.727296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.727296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.727296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.727296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91541.431262                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91541.431262                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85161.208180                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85161.208180                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85179.111971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85179.111971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85179.111971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85179.111971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        378450                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       189228                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             188698                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          780                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           188442                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               531                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              531                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        188697                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       567679                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       567679                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 567679                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12160576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12160576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12160576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            189228                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  189228    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              189228                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           445937000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1024235000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       520361                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       260181                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          480                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             30                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           27                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            3                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            259106                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3238                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          446189                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1075                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1075                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       259105                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       780542                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                780542                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16808896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16808896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          189246                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     49920                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           449426                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001141                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.033963                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 448916     99.89%     99.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    507      0.11%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             449426                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          262638500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         390271500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
