
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1175585497625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               14728686                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 27115599                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               87400114                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1247620                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   174.68                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2572855817                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    4736643274                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           9600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        3864320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            3873920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst         9600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          9600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      3772096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         3772096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           60380                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               60530                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         58939                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              58939                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            628793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         253110166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             253738959                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       628793                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           628793                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       247069560                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            247069560                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       247069560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           628793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        253110166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            500808519                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       60530                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      58939                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     60530                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    58939                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                3873792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 3771392                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 3873920                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              3772096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              3491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              3471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              3641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              3723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              3522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              3475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              3929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              3971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              4146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              4079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             3900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             3870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             3919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             3862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             3879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             3650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              3424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              3328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              3463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              3557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              3372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              3330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              3781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              3799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              3959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              4012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             3885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             3858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             3896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             3814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             3827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             3623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267321500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 60530                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                58939                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   56273                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    4150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      68                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   3351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   3625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   3635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   3634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   3636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   3636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   3635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   3649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   3647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   3635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   3643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   3704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   3726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   3656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   3646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   3678                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        12761                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    599.050231                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   400.174533                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   397.566296                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2249     17.62%     17.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1427     11.18%     28.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          910      7.13%     35.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1264      9.91%     45.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          463      3.63%     49.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          498      3.90%     53.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          494      3.87%     57.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          796      6.24%     63.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4660     36.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        12761                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         3631                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.667034                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.467428                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      3.936984                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               3      0.08%      0.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             14      0.39%      0.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            90      2.48%      2.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          3413     94.00%     96.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23            66      1.82%     98.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            12      0.33%     99.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             7      0.19%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             3      0.08%     99.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             2      0.06%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             3      0.08%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             3      0.08%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             3      0.08%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-59             1      0.03%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::60-63             2      0.06%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-67             1      0.03%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::68-71             3      0.08%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.03%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-83             2      0.06%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::88-91             1      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::100-103            1      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          3631                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         3631                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.229138                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.216589                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.662527                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             3225     88.82%     88.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                3      0.08%     88.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              394     10.85%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                2      0.06%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                4      0.11%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.03%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                2      0.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          3631                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   1203381750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              2338281750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  302640000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     19881.41                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                38631.41                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       253.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       247.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    253.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    247.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         3.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.93                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.05                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    53727                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   52968                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 88.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                89.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     127793.16                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    89.31                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 45017700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 23927475                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               208652220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              146441880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         898603680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            954484950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             51774720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2490062100                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       839519520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1409050320                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7067774835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            462.934141                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          13022619500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     70084500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     381416000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   5391898625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2186256000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1777302000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5460387000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 46095840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 24500520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               223517700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              161162280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         821773680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            888478950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             44941920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2624020650                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       589307520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1499699940                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             6923615580                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            453.491814                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13201838000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     49423000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     348520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   5912532000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1534564250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1667557750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5754747125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                4200411                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          4200411                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            60829                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             3480124                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 444479                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               352                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        3480124                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2276701                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1203423                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         2019                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    7003159                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1862152                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          517                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          802                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    4521954                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           93                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   12                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           4558009                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      35482352                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    4200411                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           2721180                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     25901169                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 122010                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  68                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          445                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           18                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  4521875                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                25816                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30520714                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.010067                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.136551                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                19973588     65.44%     65.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  650926      2.13%     67.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1330685      4.36%     71.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  507315      1.66%     73.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  742172      2.43%     76.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1120522      3.67%     79.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  475017      1.56%     81.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  670859      2.20%     83.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 5049630     16.54%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30520714                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.137562                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.162034                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 2700817                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             19857508                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  4387224                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              3514160                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 61005                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              59393205                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 61005                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 4117612                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                5884229                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          2656                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  6397559                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             14057653                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              59114677                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               540585                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               6460374                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  1586                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               6323326                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           65384612                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            141344425                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        49192248                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         53315355                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             59203644                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6180838                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                60                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            67                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 19411808                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             7295345                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1866584                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           285672                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           85163                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  58762293                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                610                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 55980885                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              919                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5227893                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      7540934                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           496                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30520714                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.834193                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.061337                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           12079261     39.58%     39.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            4435513     14.53%     54.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            4328849     14.18%     68.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3500285     11.47%     79.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2180992      7.15%     86.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1762444      5.77%     92.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1232222      4.04%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             551885      1.81%     98.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             449263      1.47%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30520714                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  51415     35.86%     35.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     35.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     35.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                73746     51.43%     87.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     87.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     87.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     87.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     87.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     87.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     87.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     87.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     87.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     87.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     87.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     87.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     87.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     87.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     87.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     87.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     87.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     87.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     87.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     87.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     87.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     87.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     87.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     87.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     87.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     87.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     87.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   399      0.28%     87.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  571      0.40%     87.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            17187     11.99%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              68      0.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            21699      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             30557266     54.59%     54.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                5178      0.01%     54.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   89      0.00%     54.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           16542608     29.55%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1821694      3.25%     87.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1201275      2.15%     89.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        5169238      9.23%     98.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        661838      1.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              55980885                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.833354                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     143386                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002561                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          87582599                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         30580737                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     28468705                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           55044191                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          33410192                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     27395348                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              28526379                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses               27576193                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          282749                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       701765                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           30                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          137                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7892                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            8                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          192                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 61005                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                2240309                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              2027717                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           58762903                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              100                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              7295345                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1866584                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               242                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 53412                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              1967107                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           137                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         35511                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        26153                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               61664                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             55876448                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6989169                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           104438                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     8851312                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 3901958                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1862143                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.829933                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      55867796                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     55864053                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 42141576                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 72932149                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.829528                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.577819                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5227970                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            114                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            60893                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29845680                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.793727                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.747558                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15694958     52.59%     52.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      5472920     18.34%     70.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       780295      2.61%     73.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2160834      7.24%     80.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       980249      3.28%     84.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       302483      1.01%     85.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       341972      1.15%     86.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       362013      1.21%     87.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3749956     12.56%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29845680                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            30694955                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              53534994                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       8452286                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      6593584                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         68                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   3847151                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                  25891565                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 34770372                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              392525                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        20661      0.04%      0.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        29264773     54.66%     54.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           5165      0.01%     54.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              36      0.00%     54.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      15792073     29.50%     84.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        1800602      3.36%     87.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1197213      2.24%     89.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      4792982      8.95%     98.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       661489      1.24%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         53534994                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3749956                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    84858688                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  118201204                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            107                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          13974                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   30694955                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     53534994                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.994779                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.994779                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.005249                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.005249                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                47087717                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               24363191                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 48231348                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                24371880                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 17925968                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                12851869                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               19401791                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            61438                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          271320606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            61438                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs          4416.169244                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          850                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         34376298                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        34376298                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6612661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6612661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1814022                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1814022                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8426683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8426683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8426683                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8426683                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       107348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       107348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        44684                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        44684                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       152032                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        152032                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       152032                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       152032                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8650596000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8650596000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4032233999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4032233999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12682829999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12682829999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12682829999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12682829999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6720009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6720009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1858706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1858706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8578715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8578715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8578715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8578715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024040                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024040                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.017722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.017722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80584.603346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80584.603346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90238.877428                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90238.877428                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83422.108497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83422.108497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83422.108497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83422.108497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         4055                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               62                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    65.403226                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        53673                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            53673                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        90587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        90588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        90588                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90588                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        16761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        44683                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        44683                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        61444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        61444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        61444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        61444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1526082000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1526082000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3987453999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3987453999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5513535999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5513535999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5513535999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5513535999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91049.579381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91049.579381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89238.726115                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89238.726115                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89732.699678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89732.699678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89732.699678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89732.699678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              266                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.914556                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           72947938                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              266                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         274240.368421                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1020.914556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          194                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          817                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         18087772                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        18087772                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      4521546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        4521546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      4521546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         4521546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      4521546                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        4521546                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          329                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          329                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          329                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          329                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     22928500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22928500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     22928500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     22928500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     22928500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     22928500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      4521875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4521875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      4521875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      4521875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      4521875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      4521875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 69691.489362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69691.489362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 69691.489362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69691.489362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 69691.489362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69691.489362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          155                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    77.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          266                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              266                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           57                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           57                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           57                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18903500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18903500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18903500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     18903500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18903500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     18903500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 69498.161765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69498.161765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 69498.161765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69498.161765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 69498.161765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69498.161765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     60750                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       63245                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     60750                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.041070                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       32.632177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        24.035177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16327.332646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.001992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.996541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1553                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11831                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2826                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   1047998                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  1047998                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        53673                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            53673                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          266                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              266                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            118                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                118                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1053                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1053                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     1178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 118                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1060                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    1178                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           44672                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               44672                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          150                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              150                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        15708                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           15708                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              60380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  60530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               150                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             60380                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 60530                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3920287000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    3920287000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17239000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     17239000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1489854500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1489854500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17239000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5410141500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5427380500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17239000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5410141500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5427380500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        53673                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        53673                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          266                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          266                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         44679                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             44679                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          268                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            268                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        16761                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         16761                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            61440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                61708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           61440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               61708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999843                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999843                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.559701                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.559701                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.937176                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.937176                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.559701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.982747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.980910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.559701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.982747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.980910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87757.140938                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87757.140938                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 114926.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114926.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94846.861472                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94846.861472                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 114926.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89601.548526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89664.306955                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 114926.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89601.548526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89664.306955                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                58939                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     58939                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          214                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           214                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        44672                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          44672                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          150                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          150                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        15708                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        15708                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         60380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             60530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        60380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            60530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3473567000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3473567000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15739000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15739000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1332794500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1332794500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15739000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4806361500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4822100500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15739000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4806361500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4822100500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.559701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.559701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.937176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.937176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.559701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.982747                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.980910                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.559701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.982747                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.980910                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77757.140938                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77757.140938                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 104926.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104926.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84848.134708                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84848.134708                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 104926.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79601.879762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79664.637370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 104926.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79601.879762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79664.637370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        121284                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        60756                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              15856                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        58939                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1815                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             44672                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            44672                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         15858                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       181812                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       181812                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 181812                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      7645888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      7645888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 7645888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             60530                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   60530    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               60530                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           372145500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          319224750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       123420                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        61702                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           26                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            223                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          223                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             17031                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       112612                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          266                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            9576                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            44679                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           44679                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           272                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        16761                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       184324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                185130                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        34176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7367104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                7401280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           60754                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   3772352                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           122466                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002017                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.044865                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 122219     99.80%     99.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    247      0.20%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             122466                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          115649000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            408000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          92159000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
