
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3664162590000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               65887789                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                122085378                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              180393755                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    84.63                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5576307664                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10332503274                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12237824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12237824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        43008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           43008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          191216                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              191216                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           672                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                672                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         801568623                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             801568623                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2816993                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2816993                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2816993                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        801568623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            804385615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      191216                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        672                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    191216                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      672                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12231616                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    6208                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   43008                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12237824                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                43008                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     97                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267344500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                191216                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  672                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  144322                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43587                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      48                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97649                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    125.699516                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   108.034301                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.374086                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        43991     45.05%     45.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43328     44.37%     89.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8938      9.15%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1185      1.21%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          156      0.16%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           21      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           15      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97649                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           42                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    4544.380952                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   4440.914241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1052.873558                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583            5     11.90%     11.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095           11     26.19%     38.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607           11     26.19%     64.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            6     14.29%     78.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            3      7.14%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            4      9.52%     95.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      2.38%     97.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      2.38%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            42                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           42                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               42    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            42                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4694791000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8278272250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  955595000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24564.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43314.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       801.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.82                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    801.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.82                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.63                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    93569                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     574                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 48.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      79563.83                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.09                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                349788600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                185924640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               685347180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                2020140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1624831740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24678720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5191984650                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        97504320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9367389030                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.557208                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11639577125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9982500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    254092750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3107133750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11386275125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                347418120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184653315                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               679242480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1487700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1607136090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24541440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5197442970                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       107946720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9355177875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            612.757386                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11679624375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9552000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    281289000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3068295750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11398347375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1824178                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1824178                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            90626                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1459144                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  72229                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             11686                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1459144                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            741093                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          718051                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        34250                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     890565                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      90481                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       159210                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1503                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1442094                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         9248                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1482582                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5573965                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1824178                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            813322                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28793133                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 187098                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2931                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                2127                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        77729                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1432846                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                12234                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     11                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30452051                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.369206                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.533972                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28350360     93.10%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   35220      0.12%     93.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  665322      2.18%     95.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   43618      0.14%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  147256      0.48%     96.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   96439      0.32%     96.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   99068      0.33%     96.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   37395      0.12%     96.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  977373      3.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30452051                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.059741                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.182545                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  791757                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28155975                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1076433                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               334337                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 93549                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               9255623                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 93549                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  904873                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26803215                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         24346                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1216667                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1409401                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               8833188                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               103646                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1029748                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                316766                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1087                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           10488036                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24184771                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        11852097                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            56202                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3532944                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6955134                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               468                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           563                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2069975                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1520813                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             130572                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             6360                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            6773                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8287554                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               7180                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6023490                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             8373                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5352681                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10404729                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          7180                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30452051                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.197802                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.833146                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28118786     92.34%     92.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             870148      2.86%     95.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             476767      1.57%     96.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             330953      1.09%     97.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             349318      1.15%     98.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             127899      0.42%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             106096      0.35%     99.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              43066      0.14%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              29018      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30452051                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  17511     71.15%     71.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     71.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     71.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1857      7.55%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4711     19.14%     97.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  449      1.82%     99.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               42      0.17%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              42      0.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            29753      0.49%      0.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4918169     81.65%     82.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1854      0.03%     82.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                16549      0.27%     82.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              23008      0.38%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              933649     15.50%     98.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              97188      1.61%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           3166      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           154      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               6023490                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.197267                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      24612                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004086                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          42477142                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         13604246                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5730555                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              54874                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             43172                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        25159                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5990071                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  28278                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            7650                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       995718                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          313                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82655                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           55                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1186                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 93549                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24221526                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               292731                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8294734                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             6386                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1520813                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              130572                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2682                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 22012                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                90950                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         45669                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60331                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              106000                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5889923                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               890074                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           133567                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      980530                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  679883                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     90456                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.192893                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5784234                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5755714                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4257617                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  6777186                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.188498                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.628228                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5353808                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            93546                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29672702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.099151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.600983                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28457378     95.90%     95.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       542481      1.83%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       136959      0.46%     98.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       346765      1.17%     99.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        71189      0.24%     99.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        38985      0.13%     99.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9634      0.03%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6577      0.02%     99.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        62734      0.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29672702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1473169                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2942090                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        573017                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       525100                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    502832                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     19144                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2922697                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                8450                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         5801      0.20%      0.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2332488     79.28%     79.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            338      0.01%     79.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           14078      0.48%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         16368      0.56%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         522324     17.75%     98.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         47917      1.63%     99.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2776      0.09%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2942090                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                62734                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37905866                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   17373657                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            678                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          82638                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1473169                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2942090                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             20.727214                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       20.727214                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.048246                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.048246                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 6183939                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4996972                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    44676                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   22295                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3502582                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1598300                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2993852                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           252995                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             475692                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           252995                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.880243                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          803                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3950099                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3950099                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       421492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         421492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        46841                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         46841                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       468333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          468333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       468333                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         468333                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       454867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       454867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1076                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1076                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       455943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        455943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       455943                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       455943                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34952789500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34952789500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     56409500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     56409500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35009199000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35009199000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35009199000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35009199000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       876359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       876359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        47917                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        47917                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       924276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       924276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       924276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       924276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.519042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.519042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022455                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022455                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.493297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.493297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.493297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.493297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76841.779026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76841.779026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52425.185874                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52425.185874                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76784.157230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76784.157230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76784.157230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76784.157230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        26145                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              944                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    27.695975                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2383                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2383                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       202935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       202935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       202947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       202947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       202947                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       202947                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       251932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       251932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1064                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1064                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       252996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       252996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       252996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       252996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19147295500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19147295500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     54190500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54190500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19201486000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19201486000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19201486000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19201486000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.287476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.287476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022205                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022205                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.273723                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.273723                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.273723                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.273723                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76001.839782                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76001.839782                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50930.921053                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50930.921053                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75896.401524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75896.401524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75896.401524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75896.401524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5731384                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5731384                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1432846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1432846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1432846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1432846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1432846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1432846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1432846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1432846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1432846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1432846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1432846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1432846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    191234                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      306914                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    191234                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.604913                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.306632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.693368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10330                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4721                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4237258                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4237258                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2383                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2383                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               610                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   610                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         61170                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             61170                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                61780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    61780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               61780                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   61780                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             454                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 454                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       190762                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          190762                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             191216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 191216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            191216                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                191216                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     45928500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      45928500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18095849000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18095849000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18141777500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18141777500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18141777500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18141777500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2383                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2383                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1064                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1064                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       251932                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        251932                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           252996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               252996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          252996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              252996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.426692                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.426692                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.757196                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.757196                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.755806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.755806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.755806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.755806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101164.096916                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101164.096916                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94860.868517                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94860.868517                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94875.834135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94875.834135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94875.834135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94875.834135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  672                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       672                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          454                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            454                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       190762                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       190762                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        191216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            191216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       191216                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           191216                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     41388500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41388500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16188239000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16188239000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16229627500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16229627500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16229627500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16229627500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.426692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.757196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.757196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.755806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.755806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.755806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.755806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91164.096916                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91164.096916                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84860.920938                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84860.920938                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84875.886432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84875.886432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84875.886432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84875.886432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        382424                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       191217                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             190760                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          672                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           190536                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               454                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              454                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        190762                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       573638                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       573638                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 573638                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12280704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12280704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12280704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            191216                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  191216    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              191216                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           450256500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1034643500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       505991                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       252993                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          475                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             28                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           27                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            251931                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3055                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          441174                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1064                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1064                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       251932                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       758986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                758986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16344192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16344192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          191234                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     43008                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           444230                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001130                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.033664                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 443729     99.89%     99.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    500      0.11%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             444230                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          255378500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         379492500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
