
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4305391043250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              120243252                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                222978704                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              325840951                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    46.86                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5634019978                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10447710732                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12446336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12446400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        35840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           35840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          194474                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              194475                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           560                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                560                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         815226008                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             815230200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2347494                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2347494                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2347494                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        815226008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            817577694                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      194477                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        560                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    194477                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      560                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12441664                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4864                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   35840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12446528                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                35840                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     76                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267429000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                194477                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  560                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  146226                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44877                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3247                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97185                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    128.389854                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.266192                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.565973                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41998     43.21%     43.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44327     45.61%     88.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9333      9.60%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1305      1.34%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          168      0.17%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           27      0.03%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           10      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           11      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97185                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           35                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    5587.285714                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   5461.013883                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1179.425971                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            2      5.71%      5.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            1      2.86%      8.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            1      2.86%     11.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            2      5.71%     17.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            4     11.43%     28.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            3      8.57%     37.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            4     11.43%     48.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      2.86%     51.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            2      5.71%     57.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            4     11.43%     68.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            4     11.43%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            3      8.57%     88.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      2.86%     91.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7424-7679            3      8.57%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            35                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           35                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               35    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            35                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4826110750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8471129500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  972005000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24825.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43575.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       814.92                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.35                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    815.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.35                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    97290                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     485                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78279.65                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.15                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                352908780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                187579260                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               708123780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1200600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1651002150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24152160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5214438660                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        57084000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9401798430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            615.810998                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11583551375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      8664000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    148663500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3164269750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11435886875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                340992120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                181237815                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               679892220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1722600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1596375060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24481920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5221283220                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        96992160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9348286155                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            612.305983                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11703282875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9344500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    252749250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3044856750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11450533625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1671873                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1671873                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            76473                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1287004                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  57361                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              8969                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1287004                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            694345                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          592659                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        25988                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     791299                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      63969                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       149390                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1195                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1355511                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         6171                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1390337                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4984183                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1671873                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            751706                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28946552                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 157118                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2636                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1469                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        53358                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1349341                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 9333                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      6                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30472911                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.329547                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.448889                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28567855     93.75%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   21709      0.07%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  649941      2.13%     95.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   31890      0.10%     96.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  134949      0.44%     96.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   81311      0.27%     96.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   87304      0.29%     97.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   28787      0.09%     97.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  869165      2.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30472911                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.054753                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.163230                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  713131                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28423502                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   945462                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               312257                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 78559                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8211994                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 78559                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  811258                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27129568                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         13238                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1081609                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1358679                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7851566                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                85901                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                994551                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                318525                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   558                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            9358491                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             21712081                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        10423710                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            45850                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3193479                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6165012                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               276                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           338                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1962152                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1388654                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              93052                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             4605                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4810                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7412134                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4998                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5317503                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             6619                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4755473                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9638749                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          4998                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30472911                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.174499                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.774643                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28366380     93.09%     93.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             799614      2.62%     95.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             440425      1.45%     97.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             298888      0.98%     98.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             320271      1.05%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             104262      0.34%     99.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              86945      0.29%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              32697      0.11%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              23429      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30472911                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  13564     69.25%     69.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     69.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     69.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1388      7.09%     76.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     76.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     76.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     76.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     76.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     76.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     76.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     76.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     76.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     76.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     76.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     76.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     76.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     76.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     76.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     76.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     76.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     76.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     76.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     76.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     76.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     76.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     76.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     76.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     76.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     76.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     76.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4177     21.32%     97.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  302      1.54%     99.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              136      0.69%     99.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              21      0.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            20748      0.39%      0.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4366834     82.12%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1265      0.02%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                12595      0.24%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              17792      0.33%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              826295     15.54%     98.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              68673      1.29%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           3252      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            49      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5317503                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.174146                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      19588                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003684                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          41090139                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         12134921                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5078413                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              43984                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             37690                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        19496                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5293704                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  22639                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            6117                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       900581                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          196                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           13                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        55784                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           59                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1210                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 78559                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24958021                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               286032                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7417132                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5570                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1388654                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               93052                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1835                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 18731                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                89450                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            13                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         40453                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        47183                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               87636                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5212533                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               790974                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           104969                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      854921                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  607871                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     63947                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.170709                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5119400                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5097909                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3783549                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5992437                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.166955                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.631387                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4756609                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            78556                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29790875                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.089345                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.564201                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28671260     96.24%     96.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       508419      1.71%     97.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       122295      0.41%     98.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       323243      1.09%     99.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        64836      0.22%     99.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        35839      0.12%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7053      0.02%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5377      0.02%     99.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        52553      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29790875                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1332932                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2661658                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        525342                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       488074                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    464217                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     15068                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2646604                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                6550                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         4442      0.17%      0.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2108078     79.20%     79.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            262      0.01%     79.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           10694      0.40%     79.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         12840      0.48%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         485846     18.25%     98.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         37268      1.40%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2228      0.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2661658                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                52553                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37156589                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   15520476                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            474                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          61777                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1332932                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2661658                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             22.907911                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       22.907911                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.043653                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.043653                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5321783                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4435947                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    34368                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   17128                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3185069                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1408988                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2694407                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           239306                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             381397                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           239306                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.593763                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          799                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3508202                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3508202                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       350176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         350176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        36253                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         36253                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       386429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          386429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       386429                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         386429                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       429780                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       429780                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1015                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1015                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       430795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        430795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       430795                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       430795                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35068139500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35068139500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     46161500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     46161500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35114301000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35114301000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35114301000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35114301000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       779956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       779956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        37268                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        37268                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       817224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       817224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       817224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       817224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.551031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.551031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027235                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027235                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.527144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.527144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.527144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.527144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81595.559356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81595.559356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45479.310345                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45479.310345                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81510.465535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81510.465535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81510.465535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81510.465535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        24093                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              933                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.823151                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2321                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2321                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       191475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       191475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       191487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       191487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       191487                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       191487                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       238305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       238305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       239308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       239308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       239308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       239308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19318333000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19318333000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     44186000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44186000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19362519000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19362519000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19362519000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19362519000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.305536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026913                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026913                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.292830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.292830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81065.579824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81065.579824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44053.838485                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44053.838485                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80910.454310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80910.454310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80910.454310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80910.454310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              69453                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                69453                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5397365                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5397365                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1349340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1349340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1349340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1349340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1349340                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1349340                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        92500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total        92500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total        92500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1349341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1349341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1349341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1349341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1349341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1349341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        92500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        92500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        92500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        91500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total        91500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total        91500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        91500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        91500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        91500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    194488                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      284044                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    194488                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.460471                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.991742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.111256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16370.897002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10271                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4780                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4021160                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4021160                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2321                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2321                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               648                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   648                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         44183                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             44183                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                44831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    44831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               44831                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   44831                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             355                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 355                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       194122                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          194122                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             194477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 194478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            194477                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                194478                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     35590500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      35590500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total        90000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18469566500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18469566500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18505157000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18505247000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18505157000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18505247000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2321                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2321                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1003                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1003                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       238305                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        238305                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           239308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               239309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          239308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              239309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.353938                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.353938                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.814595                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.814595                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.812664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.812665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.812664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.812665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100254.929577                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100254.929577                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        90000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95144.118132                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95144.118132                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95153.447451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95153.420952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95153.447451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95153.420952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  560                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       560                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          355                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            355                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       194122                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       194122                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        194477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            194478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       194477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           194478                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     32040500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32040500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        80000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16528376500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16528376500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16560417000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16560497000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16560417000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16560497000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.353938                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353938                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.814595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.814595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.812664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.812665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.812664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.812665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90254.929577                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90254.929577                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        80000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85144.272674                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85144.272674                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85153.601711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85153.575212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85153.601711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85153.575212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        388945                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       194474                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             194120                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          560                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           193908                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               355                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              355                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        194122                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       583420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       583420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 583420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12482240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12482240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12482240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            194477                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  194477    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              194477                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           458662000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1051025000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       478616                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       239307                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          543                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             23                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           21                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            238304                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2881                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          430913                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1003                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1003                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       238305                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       717920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                717923                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15464128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15464256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          194488                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     35840                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           433797                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001309                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036289                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 433231     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    564      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             433797                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          241630000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         358959000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
