
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4473331828625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              122861256                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                227878355                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              332085071                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    45.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5648445382                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10476522352                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12415872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12415872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        34112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           34112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          193998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              193998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           533                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                533                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         813230638                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             813230638                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2234311                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2234311                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2234311                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        813230638                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            815464949                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      193998                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        533                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    193998                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      533                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12411264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4608                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   33920                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12415872                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                34112                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     72                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267367000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                193998                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  533                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  146372                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97301                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    127.907257                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.933599                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.041018                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42274     43.45%     43.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44332     45.56%     89.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9218      9.47%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1265      1.30%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          167      0.17%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           20      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           11      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97301                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           33                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    5839.545455                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   5697.234916                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1268.919769                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583            2      6.06%      6.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            1      3.03%      9.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      3.03%     12.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            7     21.21%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            4     12.12%     45.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            3      9.09%     54.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            6     18.18%     72.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            5     15.15%     87.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      3.03%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            2      6.06%     96.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      3.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            33                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           33                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.060606                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.057209                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.348155                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               32     96.97%     96.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      3.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            33                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4765295500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8401408000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  969630000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24572.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43322.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       812.93                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    813.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.71                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    96698                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     458                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78482.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                352416120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                187313610                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               702961560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                2620440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1645055340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24385440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5204039010                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        70616160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9394716720                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            615.347152                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11596871250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9048000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    183900250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3151564875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11412971000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                342305880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                181943685                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               681670080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 146160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1601933700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24608640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5189698380                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       118782240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9346397805                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            612.182298                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11690609500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9820500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    309509500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3057021750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11381132375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1608192                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1608192                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            75642                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1306272                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  57326                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              9477                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1306272                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            666436                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          639836                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        27519                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     778400                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      63861                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       147627                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1079                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1282867                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         8268                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1314890                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4821387                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1608192                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            723762                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28959380                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 156990                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      6316                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                2025                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        76068                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1274599                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 9182                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     17                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30437174                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.319389                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.427117                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28594179     93.94%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   27989      0.09%     94.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  613609      2.02%     96.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   32268      0.11%     96.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  131122      0.43%     96.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   83756      0.28%     96.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   89190      0.29%     97.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   29618      0.10%     97.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  835443      2.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30437174                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.052668                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.157899                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  681568                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28461202                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   905207                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               310702                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 78495                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7975433                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 78495                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  780410                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27134248                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         24269                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1039824                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1379928                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7626723                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               101064                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1018024                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                318249                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1026                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            9085570                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             21000308                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        10137568                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            43974                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3109654                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5975899                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               338                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           434                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1964851                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1338291                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              93025                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3679                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4209                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7195769                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5180                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5213199                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             6929                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4610625                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9126537                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          5180                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30437174                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.171277                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.764845                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28342749     93.12%     93.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             820378      2.70%     95.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             433353      1.42%     97.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             295758      0.97%     98.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             302522      0.99%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             102733      0.34%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              84904      0.28%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              32552      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              22225      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30437174                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  13376     67.53%     67.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     67.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     67.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1369      6.91%     74.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4623     23.34%     97.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  331      1.67%     99.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               97      0.49%     99.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              11      0.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            22749      0.44%      0.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4273498     81.97%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1265      0.02%     82.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                12489      0.24%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              17122      0.33%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              814542     15.62%     98.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              68662      1.32%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2845      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            27      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5213199                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.170730                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      19807                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003799                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          40848637                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11775782                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4974291                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              41671                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             35794                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        18752                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5188786                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  21471                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            5834                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       864820                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          211                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            3                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        57645                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           49                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1016                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 78495                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24951604                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               279016                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7200949                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5728                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1338291                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               93025                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1938                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 19790                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                78542                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             3                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         38969                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        48810                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               87779                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5106496                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               778083                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           106703                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      841924                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  602348                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     63841                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.167236                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5015178                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4993043                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3672225                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5853920                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.163520                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.627310                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4611490                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            78493                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29771781                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.087006                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.549990                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28664206     96.28%     96.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       504473      1.69%     97.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       124841      0.42%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       326843      1.10%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        60902      0.20%     99.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        30873      0.10%     99.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7277      0.02%     99.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4937      0.02%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        47429      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29771781                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1296719                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2590310                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        508849                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       473469                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    453229                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     14180                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2575933                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                6250                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         4317      0.17%      0.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2054256     79.31%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            250      0.01%     79.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           10518      0.41%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         12120      0.47%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         471409     18.20%     98.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         35380      1.37%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2060      0.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2590310                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                47429                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36926152                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   15071088                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            742                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          97514                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1296719                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2590310                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             23.547652                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       23.547652                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.042467                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.042467                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5267539                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4335841                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    33269                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   16602                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3128386                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1399558                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2630372                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           239837                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             371203                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           239837                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.547730                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          794                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3451689                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3451689                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       337799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         337799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        34398                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         34398                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       372197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          372197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       372197                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         372197                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       429784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       429784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          982                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          982                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       430766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        430766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       430766                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       430766                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34845381500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34845381500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     44645500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     44645500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34890027000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34890027000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34890027000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34890027000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       767583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       767583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        35380                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35380                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       802963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       802963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       802963                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       802963                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.559919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.559919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027756                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027756                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.536471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.536471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.536471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.536471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81076.497729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81076.497729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45463.849287                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45463.849287                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80995.313001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80995.313001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80995.313001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80995.313001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        19355                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              752                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.738032                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2194                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2194                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       190910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       190910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       190927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       190927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       190927                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       190927                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       238874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       238874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          965                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          965                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       239839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       239839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       239839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       239839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19238174000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19238174000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     42189500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42189500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19280363500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19280363500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19280363500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19280363500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.311203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.311203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027275                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027275                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.298692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.298692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80536.910673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80536.910673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43719.689119                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43719.689119                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80388.775387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80388.775387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80388.775387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80388.775387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5098396                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5098396                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1274599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1274599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1274599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1274599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1274599                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1274599                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1274599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1274599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1274599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1274599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1274599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1274599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    194011                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      283504                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    194011                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.461278                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.593939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.406061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10554                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4471                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4029219                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4029219                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2194                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2194                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               632                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   632                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         45209                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             45209                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                45841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    45841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               45841                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   45841                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             333                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 333                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       193665                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          193665                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             193998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 193998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            193998                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                193998                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     33827000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      33827000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18377015000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18377015000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18410842000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18410842000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18410842000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18410842000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2194                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2194                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           965                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               965                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       238874                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        238874                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           239839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               239839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          239839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              239839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.345078                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.345078                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.810741                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.810741                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.808868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.808868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.808868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.808868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101582.582583                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101582.582583                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94890.739163                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94890.739163                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94902.225796                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94902.225796                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94902.225796                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94902.225796                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  533                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       533                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          333                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            333                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193665                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       193665                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        193998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            193998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           193998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     30497000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30497000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16440375000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16440375000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16470872000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16470872000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16470872000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16470872000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.345078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.810741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.810741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.808868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.808868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.808868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.808868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91582.582583                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91582.582583                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84890.790799                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84890.790799                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84902.277343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84902.277343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84902.277343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84902.277343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        387987                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       193996                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             193664                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          533                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           193456                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               333                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              333                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        193665                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       581984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       581984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 581984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12449920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12449920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12449920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            193998                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  193998    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              193998                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           457265000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1048730750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       479676                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       239837                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          529                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             23                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           18                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            5                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            238872                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2727                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          431121                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              965                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             965                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       238874                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       719513                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                719513                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15489984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15489984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          194011                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     34112                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           433850                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001284                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036128                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 433298     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    547      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      5      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             433850                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          242032000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         359755500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
