
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4916084808250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              106690534                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                197986651                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              286461590                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    53.30                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5686208236                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10551955059                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12647360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12647424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        30912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           30912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          197615                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              197616                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           483                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                483                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         828392934                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             828397126                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2024714                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2024714                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2024714                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        828392934                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            830421840                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      197617                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        483                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    197617                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      483                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12643008                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4480                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   30976                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12647488                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                30912                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     70                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             13176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                93                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267324500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                197617                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  483                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  147748                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   46295                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3450                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97824                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    129.561008                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.302645                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.764589                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41453     42.38%     42.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44953     45.95%     88.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9906     10.13%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1295      1.32%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          173      0.18%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           21      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           14      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97824                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           30                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    6698.200000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   6506.643945                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1572.105823                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583            1      3.33%      3.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            2      6.67%     10.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            3     10.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            2      6.67%     26.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            6     20.00%     46.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            5     16.67%     63.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            2      6.67%     70.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            5     16.67%     86.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            3     10.00%     96.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            1      3.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            30                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           30                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.133333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.126130                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.507416                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               28     93.33%     93.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                2      6.67%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            30                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4718001750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8422008000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  987735000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     23882.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42632.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       828.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    828.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.66                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    99786                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     421                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77068.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.60                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                353651340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                187970145                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               719076540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1576440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1662117720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24661440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5138986050                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       110753280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9404101995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            615.961880                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11558432125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9990000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    288646500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3188703000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11270144625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                344819160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                183271935                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               691409040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 950040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1616158050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24525600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5134537770                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       153337920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9354318555                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            612.701101                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11659897000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9630000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    399301250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3087957125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11260595750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1713532                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1713532                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            82089                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1428982                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  60602                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              9925                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1428982                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            699491                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          729491                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        30743                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     803715                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      66710                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       144830                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1170                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1351338                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         9229                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1387238                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5133134                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1713532                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            760093                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28871832                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 170320                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2158                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                2315                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        80827                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            2                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1342109                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 9830                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     13                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30429532                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.340278                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.473553                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28475325     93.58%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   33635      0.11%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  641772      2.11%     95.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   34646      0.11%     95.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  139014      0.46%     96.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   85288      0.28%     96.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   88217      0.29%     96.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   31507      0.10%     97.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  900128      2.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30429532                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.056118                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.168108                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  733073                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28316781                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   979709                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               314809                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 85160                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8443536                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 85160                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  835334                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26941497                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         24997                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1113818                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1428726                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               8066540                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                98873                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                996338                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                384643                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   525                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            9587944                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             22183397                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        10719754                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            41570                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3031081                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6556863                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               346                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           434                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1970144                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1416869                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              99967                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             5430                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            5946                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7597101                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5832                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5422484                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             7077                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5076311                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10037097                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          5831                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30429532                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.178198                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.782151                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28277487     92.93%     92.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             826753      2.72%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             442469      1.45%     97.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             298418      0.98%     98.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             330218      1.09%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             108288      0.36%     99.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              90366      0.30%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              33233      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              22300      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30429532                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  12900     67.92%     67.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     67.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     67.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1292      6.80%     74.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4299     22.63%     97.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  326      1.72%     99.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              106      0.56%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              70      0.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            24422      0.45%      0.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4450200     82.07%     82.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1678      0.03%     82.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                11183      0.21%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              15807      0.29%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              844404     15.57%     98.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              71818      1.32%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2684      0.05%     99.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           288      0.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5422484                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.177584                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      18993                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003503                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          41261236                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         12644520                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5166185                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              39334                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             34730                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        17296                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5396788                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  20267                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            4832                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       949779                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          201                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        68267                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           48                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1207                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 85160                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24653095                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               299241                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7602933                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             6519                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1416869                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               99967                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2161                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 24118                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               100893                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         40648                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        54261                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               94909                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5306836                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               803421                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           115648                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      870124                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  608816                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     66703                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.173797                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5206665                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5183481                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3853753                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  6040807                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.169757                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.637953                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5077377                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              1                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            85157                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29696701                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.085081                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.542740                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28613745     96.35%     96.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       497773      1.68%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       117222      0.39%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       315318      1.06%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        64652      0.22%     99.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        31385      0.11%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7614      0.03%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4702      0.02%     99.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        44290      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29696701                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1264597                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2526622                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        498790                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       467090                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    445467                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     12650                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2513849                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                5579                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3798      0.15%      0.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2003828     79.31%     79.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            223      0.01%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            9171      0.36%     79.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         10812      0.43%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         465252     18.41%     98.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         31700      1.25%     99.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1838      0.07%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2526622                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                44290                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37256410                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   15942992                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            745                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                         105156                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1264597                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2526622                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             24.145786                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       24.145786                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.041415                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.041415                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5368688                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4515362                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    30749                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   15260                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3120045                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1407408                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2735505                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           236584                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             391991                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           236584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.656879                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          794                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3538612                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3538612                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       362945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         362945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        30739                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         30739                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       393684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          393684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       393684                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         393684                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       430862                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       430862                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          961                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          961                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       431823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        431823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       431823                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       431823                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35565527000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35565527000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     40604500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     40604500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35606131500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35606131500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35606131500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35606131500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       793807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       793807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        31700                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31700                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       825507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       825507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       825507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       825507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.542779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.542779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.030315                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.030315                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.523100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.523100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.523100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.523100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82545.053869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82545.053869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42252.341311                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42252.341311                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82455.384498                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82455.384498                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82455.384498                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82455.384498                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        23217                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              850                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    27.314118                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2154                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2154                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       195229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       195229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       195238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       195238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       195238                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       195238                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       235633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       235633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          952                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          952                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       236585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       236585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       236585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       236585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19369015500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19369015500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     39130000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39130000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19408145500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19408145500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19408145500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19408145500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.296839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.296839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.030032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.286594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.286594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.286594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.286594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82199.927430                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82199.927430                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 41102.941176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41102.941176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82034.556291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82034.556291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82034.556291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82034.556291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                198                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                3                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                   66                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5368439                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5368439                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1342106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1342106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1342106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1342106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1342106                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1342106                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       126500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       126500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       126500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       126500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       126500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       126500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1342109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1342109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1342109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1342109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1342109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1342109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 42166.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42166.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 42166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 42166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       123500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       123500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       123500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       123500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       123500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       123500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 41166.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41166.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 41166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 41166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    197632                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      281069                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    197632                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.422184                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.904294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.058409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.037297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4535                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3980832                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3980832                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2154                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2154                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                3                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               650                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   650                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst              2                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  2                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         38319                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             38319                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                    2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                38969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    38971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                   2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               38969                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   38971                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             302                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 302                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       197314                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          197314                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             197616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 197617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            197616                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                197617                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     30608000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      30608000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total        98000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18586712000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18586712000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18617320000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18617418000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18617320000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18617418000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2154                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2154                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            3                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           952                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               952                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              3                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       235633                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        235633                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           236585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               236588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          236585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              236588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.317227                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.317227                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.837378                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.837378                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.835285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.835279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.835285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.835279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101350.993377                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101350.993377                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        98000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94198.647840                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94198.647840                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94209.578172                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94209.597352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94209.578172                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94209.597352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  483                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       483                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          302                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            302                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197314                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       197314                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        197616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            197617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197616                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           197617                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     27588000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27588000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        88000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        88000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16613582000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16613582000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        88000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16641170000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16641258000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        88000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16641170000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16641258000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.317227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.317227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.837378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.837378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.835285                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.835279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.835285                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.835279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91350.993377                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91350.993377                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        88000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        88000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84198.698521                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84198.698521                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        88000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84209.628775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84209.647955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        88000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84209.628775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84209.647955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        395224                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       197617                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             197314                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          483                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           197124                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               302                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              302                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        197315                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       592840                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       592840                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 592840                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12678336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12678336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12678336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            197617                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  197617    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              197617                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           464959000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1067720500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       473175                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       236587                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          515                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             26                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           21                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            5                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            235635                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2637                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          431579                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              952                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             952                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       235633                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       709753                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                709762                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15279232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15279616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          197632                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     30912                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           434220                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001257                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035761                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 433679     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    536      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      5      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             434220                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          238744500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              4500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         354876000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
