
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5022956217125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              134069583                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                248823431                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              359418029                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    42.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5694997555                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10569507245                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12307968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12307968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        30528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           30528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          192312                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              192312                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           477                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                477                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         806163004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             806163004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1999562                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1999562                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1999562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        806163004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            808162566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      192314                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        477                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    192314                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      477                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12303680                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4352                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   30720                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12308096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                30528                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     68                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                75                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                80                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267415500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                192314                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  477                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  147905                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   42153                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2163                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96900                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    127.288008                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.408207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.633998                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42552     43.91%     43.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43759     45.16%     89.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9143      9.44%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1253      1.29%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          156      0.16%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           15      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           10      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96900                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           30                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    6607.533333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   6469.401629                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1475.386372                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            4     13.33%     13.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            3     10.00%     23.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            5     16.67%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            9     30.00%     70.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            2      6.67%     76.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            3     10.00%     86.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      3.33%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      3.33%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            2      6.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            30                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           30                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               30    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            30                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4673708500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8278302250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  961225000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24311.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    4999.97                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43060.99                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       805.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    806.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.30                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    95418                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     407                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      79191.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.72                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                350673960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                186387630                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               698099220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                2088000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205923680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1647374100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24828960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5156837310                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       106849920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy          1803780                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9380875830                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.440583                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11590703250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10434000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     510132000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF      2891750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    278422250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3156074875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11309389250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                341184900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                181344075                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               674522940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 417600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205923680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1599735780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24649920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5172723780                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       133881600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     1732380.000000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9336116655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            611.508890                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11694709750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9978000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     510132000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF      2617000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    348477250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3051840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11344299875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1257770                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1257770                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            54393                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              997423                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  42047                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              6607                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         997423                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            529921                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          467502                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        21073                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     661697                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      57838                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       145335                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          863                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1021231                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         4874                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1046183                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3778325                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1257770                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            571968                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29322794                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 111948                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2042                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1164                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        43339                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1016357                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 6972                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      9                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30471496                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.249966                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.262712                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                29004584     95.19%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   23410      0.08%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  498462      1.64%     96.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   28842      0.09%     96.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  111388      0.37%     97.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   60636      0.20%     97.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   84533      0.28%     97.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   23079      0.08%     97.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  636562      2.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30471496                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.041192                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.123739                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  515423                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28942987                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   669567                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               287545                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 55974                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6385441                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 55974                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  604330                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27778731                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         13596                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   798474                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1220391                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6130045                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                58684                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                996615                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                161634                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  2438                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7310042                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             16887604                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8141845                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            42600                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2964585                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4345458                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               221                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           284                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1841748                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1057081                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              85336                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             5281                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            5935                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   5804105                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5306                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4369373                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             6898                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3350658                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      6578478                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          5306                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30471496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.143392                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.687471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28617370     93.92%     93.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             782894      2.57%     96.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             394296      1.29%     97.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             267485      0.88%     98.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             220189      0.72%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              80701      0.26%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              65863      0.22%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              25591      0.08%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              17107      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30471496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  11278     67.28%     67.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     67.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     67.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1154      6.88%     74.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3821     22.79%     96.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  278      1.66%     98.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              230      1.37%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               3      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            17394      0.40%      0.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3570709     81.72%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1481      0.03%     82.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                11017      0.25%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              15173      0.35%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              687716     15.74%     98.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              62299      1.43%     99.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           3577      0.08%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             7      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4369373                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.143095                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      16764                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003837                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39194824                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          9122954                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4190616                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              39080                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             37120                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        16878                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4348599                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  20144                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            4996                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       611030                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          116                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            5                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        54037                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           33                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1103                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 55974                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25953765                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               242668                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            5809411                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4057                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1057081                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               85336                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1923                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 14838                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                38992                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             5                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         27624                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        35738                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               63362                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4288736                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               661361                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            80637                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      719189                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  542172                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     57828                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.140455                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4223587                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4207494                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  2992146                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4947907                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.137794                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.604730                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3351094                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            55972                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29990280                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.081985                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.525975                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28915959     96.42%     96.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       486763      1.62%     98.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       131926      0.44%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       334694      1.12%     99.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44167      0.15%     99.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23568      0.08%     99.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5966      0.02%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4143      0.01%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        43094      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29990280                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1232525                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2458754                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        477350                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       446051                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    432557                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     13204                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2445751                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                5525                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3887      0.16%      0.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1956555     79.58%     79.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            221      0.01%     79.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            9581      0.39%     80.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         11160      0.45%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         444007     18.06%     98.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         31299      1.27%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2044      0.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2458754                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                43094                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35757034                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   12102505                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            457                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          63192                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1232525                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2458754                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             24.774092                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       24.774092                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.040365                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.040365                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4581906                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3614852                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    29583                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   14774                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2855358                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1254047                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2217821                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           233730                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             277407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           233730                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.186869                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          798                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2967750                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2967750                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       245243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         245243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        30360                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         30360                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       275603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          275603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       275603                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         275603                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       406963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       406963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          939                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          939                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       407902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        407902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       407902                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       407902                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33385652500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33385652500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     40606000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     40606000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33426258500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33426258500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33426258500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33426258500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       652206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       652206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        31299                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31299                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       683505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       683505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       683505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       683505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.623979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.623979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.030001                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.030001                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.596780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.596780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.596780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.596780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82036.088047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82036.088047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43243.876464                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43243.876464                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81946.787464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81946.787464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81946.787464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81946.787464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        15423                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              731                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    21.098495                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2271                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2271                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       174165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       174165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       174172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       174172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       174172                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       174172                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       232798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       232798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          932                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          932                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       233730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       233730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       233730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       233730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18981258500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18981258500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     39096000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39096000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19020354500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19020354500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19020354500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19020354500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.356939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029777                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029777                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.341958                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341958                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.341958                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341958                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81535.316025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81535.316025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 41948.497854                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41948.497854                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81377.463312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81377.463312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81377.463312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81377.463312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4065428                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4065428                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1016357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1016357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1016357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1016357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1016357                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1016357                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1016357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1016357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1016357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1016357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1016357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1016357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    192316                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      267384                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    192316                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.390337                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.994466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.005534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10315                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4802                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3929516                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3929516                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2271                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2271                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               643                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   643                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         40773                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             40773                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                41416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    41416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               41416                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   41416                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             289                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 289                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       192025                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          192025                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             192314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 192314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            192314                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                192314                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     30664500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      30664500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18175858500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18175858500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18206523000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18206523000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18206523000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18206523000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2271                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2271                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           932                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               932                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       232798                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        232798                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           233730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               233730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          233730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              233730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.310086                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.310086                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.824857                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.824857                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.822804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.822804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.822804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.822804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106105.536332                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106105.536332                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94653.604999                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94653.604999                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94670.814397                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94670.814397                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94670.814397                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94670.814397                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  477                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       477                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          289                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            289                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       192025                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       192025                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        192314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            192314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       192314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           192314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     27774500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27774500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16255618500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16255618500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16283393000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16283393000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16283393000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16283393000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.310086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.310086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.824857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.824857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.822804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.822804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.822804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.822804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96105.536332                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96105.536332                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84653.657076                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84653.657076                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84670.866396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84670.866396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84670.866396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84670.866396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        384622                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       192314                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             192023                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          477                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           191831                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               289                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              289                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        192025                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       576934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       576934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 576934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12338496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12338496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12338496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            192314                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  192314    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              192314                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           455892000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1040022250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       467460                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       233730                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          545                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             10                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            232798                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2748                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          423298                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              932                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             932                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       232798                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       701190                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                701190                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15104064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15104064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          192316                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     30528                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           426046                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001307                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036264                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 425491     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    553      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             426046                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          236001000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         350595000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
