
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4946619496500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              132323932                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                245563016                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              355130317                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    42.99                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5688712222                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10556953749                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12437824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12437824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        30272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           30272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          194341                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              194341                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           473                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                473                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         814668478                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             814668478                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1982794                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1982794                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1982794                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        814668478                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            816651272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      194341                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        473                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    194341                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      473                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12433408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4416                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   29696                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12437824                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                30272                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     69                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     5                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               95                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267293500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                194341                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  473                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  148101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43603                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2529                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97376                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    127.985541                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.037645                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.751237                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42220     43.36%     43.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44322     45.52%     88.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9382      9.63%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1260      1.29%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          154      0.16%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           18      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            7      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           11      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97376                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           29                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    6674.172414                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   6445.820784                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1694.547244                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            3     10.34%     10.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            2      6.90%     17.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            4     13.79%     31.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            3     10.34%     41.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      3.45%     44.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            5     17.24%     62.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      3.45%     65.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            4     13.79%     79.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            2      6.90%     86.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            4     13.79%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            29                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           29                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               29    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            29                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4667995750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8310595750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  971360000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24028.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42778.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       814.38                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    814.67                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    96966                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     398                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78368.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                350302680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                186205470                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               700269780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 981360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1644368490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24645600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5143632120                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       121803840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9377518380                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.220673                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11596542625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9990000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    317400500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3149840250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11280253375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                344933400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                183336450                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               686832300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1440720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1619185320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24487200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5126795460                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       157347360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9349667250                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            612.396444                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11653517875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9516000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    409750000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3094396500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11243821625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1381651                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1381651                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            60270                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1125896                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  43555                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              6854                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1125896                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            576562                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          549334                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        22837                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     686778                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      55938                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       145697                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1065                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1117094                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         4105                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1145351                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4112332                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1381651                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            620117                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29228817                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 123094                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      3378                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 865                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        38043                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1112989                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 7773                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     10                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30478001                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.271819                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.317337                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28887142     94.78%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   24426      0.08%     94.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  547695      1.80%     96.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   27807      0.09%     96.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  117831      0.39%     97.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   61684      0.20%     97.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   83228      0.27%     97.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   23361      0.08%     97.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  704827      2.31%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30478001                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.045249                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.134677                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  564881                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28813632                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   744315                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               293626                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 61547                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6867495                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 61547                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  655863                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27668021                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         15407                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   874698                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1202465                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6581555                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                61800                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                992290                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                148235                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   829                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7850640                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             18173910                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8705899                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            42350                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2994742                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4855897                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               292                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           366                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1873746                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1149137                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              81565                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             4851                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4636                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6220163                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4761                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4582053                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             6904                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3735908                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      7523451                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          4761                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30478001                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.150340                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.708337                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28569379     93.74%     93.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             786999      2.58%     96.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             400476      1.31%     97.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             270937      0.89%     98.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             249856      0.82%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              84537      0.28%     99.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              70242      0.23%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              26870      0.09%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              18705      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30478001                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  11880     68.00%     68.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     68.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     68.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1186      6.79%     74.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3922     22.45%     97.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  281      1.61%     98.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              185      1.06%     99.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              17      0.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            18032      0.39%      0.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3757291     82.00%     82.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1113      0.02%     82.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                11027      0.24%     82.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              15499      0.34%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              715630     15.62%     98.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              60174      1.31%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           3220      0.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            67      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4582053                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.150061                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      17471                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003813                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39627312                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          9924914                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4387520                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              39170                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             35922                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        17051                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4561311                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  20181                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            5039                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       694646                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          137                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        49731                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           47                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1139                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 61547                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25814171                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               250434                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6224924                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4001                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1149137                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               81565                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1769                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 16330                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                47114                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         30078                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        38881                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               68959                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4494149                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               686421                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            87904                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      742347                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  554278                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     55926                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.147182                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4421424                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4404571                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3182903                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5167497                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.144248                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.615947                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3736451                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            61544                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29942354                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.083127                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.532149                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28862024     96.39%     96.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       491402      1.64%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       127977      0.43%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330069      1.10%     99.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        49916      0.17%     99.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26372      0.09%     99.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6252      0.02%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4319      0.01%     99.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        44023      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29942354                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1247163                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2489016                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        486325                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       454491                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    438183                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     13050                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2475983                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                5625                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3883      0.16%      0.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1978026     79.47%     79.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            225      0.01%     79.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            9457      0.38%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         11100      0.45%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         452541     18.18%     98.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         31834      1.28%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1950      0.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2489016                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                44023                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36123798                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   12988395                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            415                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          56688                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1247163                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2489016                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             24.483319                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       24.483319                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.040844                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.040844                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4680187                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3801288                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    30107                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   15029                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2913764                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1275763                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2333009                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           235215                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             290639                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           235215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.235631                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          793                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3070403                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3070403                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       262971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         262971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        30861                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         30861                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       293832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          293832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       293832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         293832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       413992                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       413992                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          973                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          973                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       414965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        414965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       414965                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       414965                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33968063500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33968063500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     40789500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     40789500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34008853000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34008853000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34008853000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34008853000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       676963                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       676963                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        31834                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31834                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       708797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       708797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       708797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       708797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.611543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.611543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.030565                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.030565                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.585450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.585450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.585450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.585450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82050.048069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82050.048069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 41921.377184                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41921.377184                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81955.955322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81955.955322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81955.955322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81955.955322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        17297                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              694                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    24.923631                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2250                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2250                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       179741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       179741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       179750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       179750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       179750                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       179750                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       234251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       234251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          964                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          964                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       235215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       235215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       235215                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       235215                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19111555500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19111555500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     39433000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39433000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19150988500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19150988500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19150988500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19150988500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.346032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.030282                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030282                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.331851                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331851                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.331851                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331851                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81585.801128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81585.801128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40905.601660                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40905.601660                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81419.078290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81419.078290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81419.078290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81419.078290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4451956                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4451956                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1112989                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1112989                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1112989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1112989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1112989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1112989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1112989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1112989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1112989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1112989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1112989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1112989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    194351                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      266267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    194351                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.370032                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.723513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.276487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10258                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4804                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3955367                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3955367                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2250                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2250                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               659                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   659                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         40214                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             40214                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                40873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    40873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               40873                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   40873                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             305                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 305                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       194037                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          194037                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             194342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 194342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            194342                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                194342                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     30785500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      30785500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18310588000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18310588000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18341373500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18341373500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18341373500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18341373500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2250                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2250                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           964                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               964                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       234251                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        234251                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           235215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               235215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          235215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              235215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.316390                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.316390                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.828329                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.828329                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.826231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.826231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.826231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.826231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100936.065574                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100936.065574                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94366.476497                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94366.476497                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94376.786799                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94376.786799                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94376.786799                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94376.786799                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  473                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       473                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          305                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            305                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       194037                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       194037                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        194342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            194342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       194342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           194342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     27735500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27735500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16370218000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16370218000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16397953500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16397953500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16397953500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16397953500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.316390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.316390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.828329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.828329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.826231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.826231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.826231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.826231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90936.065574                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90936.065574                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84366.476497                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84366.476497                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84376.786799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84376.786799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84376.786799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84376.786799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        388675                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       194342                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             194037                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          473                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           193861                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               305                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              305                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        194036                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       583017                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       583017                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 583017                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12468160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12468160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12468160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            194341                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  194341    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              194341                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           459583000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1050705250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       470430                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       235216                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          560                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             17                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           16                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            234251                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2723                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          426843                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              964                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             964                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       234251                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       705645                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                705645                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15197760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15197760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          194351                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     30272                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           429566                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001348                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036752                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 428988     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    577      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             429566                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          237465000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         352822500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
