
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               396950947250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2143416                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  4047526                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               36519288                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1218384                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   418.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   896081920                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1692118886                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         251968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             252096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       204608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          204608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            3937                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3939                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3197                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3197                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16503722                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16512106                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        13401676                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             13401676                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        13401676                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16503722                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             29913782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3939                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3197                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3939                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3197                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 252096                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  204864                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  252096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               204608                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15268289000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3939                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3197                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4546                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    100.519138                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    76.648859                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   136.767567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3987     87.70%     87.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          260      5.72%     93.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           97      2.13%     95.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           49      1.08%     96.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           45      0.99%     97.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           34      0.75%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           25      0.55%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           26      0.57%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           23      0.51%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4546                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          179                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      22.067039                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     21.555842                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      5.393085                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17            10      5.59%      5.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19            62     34.64%     40.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21            33     18.44%     58.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23            15      8.38%     67.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25            33     18.44%     85.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27            13      7.26%     92.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29             2      1.12%     93.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31             3      1.68%     95.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             1      0.56%     96.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-37             1      0.56%     96.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-41             1      0.56%     97.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::42-43             2      1.12%     98.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-45             2      1.12%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::46-47             1      0.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           179                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          179                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.882682                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.876239                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.465291                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               10      5.59%      5.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.56%      6.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              168     93.85%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           179                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    281077250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               354933500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   19695000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     71357.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                90107.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        13.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     13.40                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       61                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2533                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                79.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2139614.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    36.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                  9581880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  5092890                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                 8603700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                5794200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         928721040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            318273750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             46002720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2156985450                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1835017920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1295100120                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             6610065390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            432.954503                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14446631625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     82701000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     394156000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   4938669250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4778752000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     342830750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4730235125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 22876560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 12159180                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                19520760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               10915020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1290129360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            532129770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             45181440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3645207000                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2125985760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        225107340                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7930359030                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            519.432782                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13980317625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     66378500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     547102000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    449888750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5536573750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     673479500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7993921625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13303133                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13303133                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1080483                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11051041                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 985386                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            214693                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11051041                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3669005                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7382036                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       772864                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10006514                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7538307                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       136313                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        44038                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    9009365                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        13301                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9732500                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59880426                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13303133                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4654391                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19645571                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2176278                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                7594                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        60605                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8996064                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               271924                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      1                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534409                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.750955                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.575447                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12257823     40.14%     40.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  868601      2.84%     42.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1260647      4.13%     47.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1439024      4.71%     51.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1127488      3.69%     55.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1129142      3.70%     59.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1030169      3.37%     62.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  882563      2.89%     65.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10538952     34.52%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534409                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.435673                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.961062                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8655077                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4126513                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15706712                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               957968                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1088139                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             109012296                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1088139                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9421245                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3229035                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         29876                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15835668                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles               930446                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103950405                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  661                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 78189                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    62                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                794875                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          110605637                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            261867824                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       156150416                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3147241                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             69151733                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                41453882                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1209                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1566                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   929150                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11899219                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8936947                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           498157                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          201673                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  93654059                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              65713                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 83613647                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           443478                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       29021769                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42327124                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         65689                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534409                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.738342                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.517954                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9648994     31.60%     31.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2864234      9.38%     40.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3122377     10.23%     51.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3138829     10.28%     61.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3174768     10.40%     71.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2811946      9.21%     81.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3108798     10.18%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1639122      5.37%     96.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1025341      3.36%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534409                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 792944     73.19%     73.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                14258      1.32%     74.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                101044      9.33%     83.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                84745      7.82%     91.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              560      0.05%     91.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           89866      8.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           505197      0.60%      0.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             63376156     75.80%     76.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               72814      0.09%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                87751      0.10%     76.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1163355      1.39%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10147919     12.14%     90.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7583762      9.07%     99.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         389444      0.47%     99.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        287249      0.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              83613647                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.738317                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1083417                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.012957                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         195348660                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119667942                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     78109938                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3939941                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3074700                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1785537                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              82203349                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                1988518                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1251483                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4152606                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        10018                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2376                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2601562                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          102                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1088139                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3283159                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 5232                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           93719772                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            20134                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11899219                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8936947                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             23214                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   169                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 5101                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2376                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        304875                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1119706                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1424581                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             81036640                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9999455                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2577010                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17530459                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8787594                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7531004                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.653921                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      80495253                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     79895475                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 55834815                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 87457649                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.616548                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.638421                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       29022611                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             24                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1087468                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26166940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.472509                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.739950                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9238829     35.31%     35.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3807829     14.55%     49.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2658560     10.16%     60.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3602658     13.77%     73.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1131948      4.33%     78.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1161421      4.44%     82.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       811892      3.10%     85.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       471610      1.80%     87.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3282193     12.54%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26166940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            34161665                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              64697986                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      14082002                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7746615                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7531528                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1315843                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 63709546                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              467304                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       262061      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        49228538     76.09%     76.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          54822      0.08%     76.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           76587      0.12%     76.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        993976      1.54%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7468534     11.54%     89.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6335387      9.79%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       278081      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         64697986                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3282193                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   116605344                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  191894795                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             34                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            279                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   34161665                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     64697986                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.893829                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.893829                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.118782                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.118782                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               117151592                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               62599923                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2516165                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1238062                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 40875074                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21389382                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35623680                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5597                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             679072                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5597                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           121.327854                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          241                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          499                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         59835357                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        59835357                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8613582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8613582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6335205                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6335205                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     14948787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        14948787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     14948787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       14948787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         5295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3358                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3358                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         8653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          8653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         8653                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         8653                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    184231000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    184231000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    487827500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    487827500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    672058500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    672058500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    672058500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    672058500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8618877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8618877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6338563                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6338563                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     14957440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14957440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     14957440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14957440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000530                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000530                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34793.389991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34793.389991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 145273.228112                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 145273.228112                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77667.687507                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77667.687507                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77667.687507                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77667.687507                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         4270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             4270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3056                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3056                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3316                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3316                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    102052000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102052000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    480586000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    480586000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    582638000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    582638000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    582638000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    582638000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000523                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000523                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44740.026304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44740.026304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 144929.433052                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 144929.433052                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104098.266929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104098.266929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104098.266929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104098.266929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1796                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            1124034                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1796                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           625.854120                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          997                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35986052                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35986052                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8994210                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8994210                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8994210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8994210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8994210                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8994210                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     23859000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     23859000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     23859000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     23859000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     23859000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     23859000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8996064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8996064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8996064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8996064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8996064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8996064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12868.932039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12868.932039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12868.932039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12868.932039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12868.932039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12868.932039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1796                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1796                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           58                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           58                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           58                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1796                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1796                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     21714000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21714000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     21714000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     21714000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     21714000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     21714000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12090.200445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12090.200445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12090.200445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12090.200445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12090.200445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12090.200445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      3947                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        4947                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3947                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.253357                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       53.003873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        26.551013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16304.445115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2359                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13763                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    122147                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   122147                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4270                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             4270                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1796                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1796                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1794                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1794                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1657                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1657                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1794                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1660                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3454                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3315                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3315                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          622                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             622                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               3937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              3937                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3939                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    475759500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     475759500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       179500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       179500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     80887000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     80887000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       179500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    556646500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        556826000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       179500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    556646500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       556826000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4270                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4270                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1796                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1796                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3318                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3318                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1796                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1796                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2279                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          2279                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 7393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                7393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999096                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999096                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001114                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.001114                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.272927                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.272927                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.001114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.703413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.532801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.001114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.703413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.532801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 143517.194570                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 143517.194570                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        89750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 130043.408360                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130043.408360                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 141388.493777                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 141362.274689                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 141388.493777                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 141362.274689                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3197                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3197                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            8                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             8                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3315                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3315                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          622                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          622                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          3937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3937                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    442609500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    442609500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       159500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       159500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     74667000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74667000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       159500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    517276500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    517436000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       159500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    517276500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    517436000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.272927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.272927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.703413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.532801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.703413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.532801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 133517.194570                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133517.194570                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        79750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 120043.408360                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120043.408360                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 131388.493777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131362.274689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 131388.493777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131362.274689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7868                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3929                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                624                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3197                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              732                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3315                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3315                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           624                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        11807                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        11807                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11807                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       456704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       456704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  456704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3939                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3939    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3939                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            21642000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21683000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        14786                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         7395                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           11                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             26                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           26                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              4075                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7467                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1796                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2077                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3318                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3318                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1796                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         2279                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        16791                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 22179                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       229888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       631488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 861376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            3947                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    204608                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            11340                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.003439                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.058546                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  11301     99.66%     99.66% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     39      0.34%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              11340                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           13459000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2694499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           8395500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
