
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2564913813000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               38396450                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 70982792                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              108845825                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   140.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5385707275                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9956455827                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        7649216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            7649472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       143872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          143872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          119519                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              119523                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          2248                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               2248                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             16768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         501018117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             501034884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        16768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            16768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         9423512                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              9423512                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         9423512                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            16768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        501018117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            510458396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      119523                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       2248                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    119523                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     2248                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                7649024                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  144256                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 7649472                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               143872                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              7267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              7510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              7511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              7418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              7404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              7302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              7572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              7359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              7532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              7757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             7421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             7422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             7658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             7477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             7477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             7429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               94                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267715500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                119523                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 2248                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  114354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    3712                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    1424                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        18416                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    423.148566                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.795846                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   378.203327                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4708     25.56%     25.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4039     21.93%     47.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1750      9.50%     57.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1488      8.08%     65.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          581      3.15%     68.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1100      5.97%     74.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          371      2.01%     76.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          358      1.94%     78.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4021     21.83%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        18416                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          138                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     864.231884                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    562.991846                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    832.503333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            11      7.97%      7.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           14     10.14%     18.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           22     15.94%     34.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           21     15.22%     49.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           11      7.97%     57.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            8      5.80%     63.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            7      5.07%     68.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            5      3.62%     71.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            6      4.35%     76.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            2      1.45%     77.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            3      2.17%     79.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            3      2.17%     81.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            4      2.90%     84.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            3      2.17%     86.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.72%     87.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            3      2.17%     89.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.72%     90.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            2      1.45%     92.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.72%     92.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      0.72%     93.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            2      1.45%     94.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            2      1.45%     96.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.72%     97.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3199            1      0.72%     97.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1      0.72%     98.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3712-3839            1      0.72%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.72%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           138                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          138                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.333333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.317191                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.748071                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              115     83.33%     83.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               23     16.67%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           138                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   1637788500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              3878713500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  597580000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     13703.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                32453.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       501.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         9.45                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    501.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      9.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         3.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     3.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.05                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   101798                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    1555                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 85.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                69.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     125380.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    84.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 67894260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 36086655                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               423709020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                5611500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1132781520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1006735140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             47324160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4424516130                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       649111200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        417829740                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8211599325                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            537.853818                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12935721875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     37827250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     479726000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1543067500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1690291750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1813934750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9702496875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 63603120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 33802065                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               429635220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                6154380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1140771840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1015020090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             44414880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4528706430                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       614042880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        379054800                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8255504415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            540.729569                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12925396875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     35652000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     483052000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1394649000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1599026125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1823188500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9931776500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                7451176                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          7451176                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           132022                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             4402498                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  88954                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              1291                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        4402498                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3777303                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          625195                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        10231                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    4946499                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     726742                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         6081                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          400                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1547387                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           30                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1655695                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      27615661                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    7451176                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3866257                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28746709                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 264170                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  13                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          187                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1547357                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 8147                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.782913                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.019667                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                21723078     71.14%     71.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  487140      1.60%     72.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  195585      0.64%     73.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  292595      0.96%     74.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  248408      0.81%     75.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 2776545      9.09%     84.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  255238      0.84%     85.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  171991      0.56%     85.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 4384109     14.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.244023                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.904403                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1202869                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             21399540                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  6952187                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               848008                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                132085                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              53266840                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                132085                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1534010                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               19542400                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  7430039                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1896155                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              52538517                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                87397                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1729870                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  5730                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                 11405                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           71851524                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            129861366                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        72174384                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             58375476                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                13476060                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3709492                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             5286588                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             744997                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           115757                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          168440                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  51048754                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 48241635                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           762837                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        7980489                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10385358                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534689                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.579896                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.550587                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           20285595     66.43%     66.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1232918      4.04%     70.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1103805      3.61%     74.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            1063335      3.48%     77.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             788066      2.58%     80.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             716629      2.35%     82.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2632372      8.62%     91.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            2614291      8.56%     99.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              97678      0.32%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534689                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                3935154     99.85%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5874      0.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   34      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             7704      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             42344248     87.78%     87.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult              120592      0.25%     88.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     88.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     88.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     88.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     88.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     88.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     88.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     88.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     88.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     88.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     88.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     88.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     88.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     88.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     88.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     88.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     88.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     88.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     88.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     88.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     88.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     88.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     88.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     88.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     88.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     88.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     88.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     88.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5039717     10.45%     98.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             729374      1.51%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              48241635                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.579896                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    3941062                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.081694                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         131721862                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         59029301                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     47888680                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              52174993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          212854                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       651131                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           63                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        36599                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            5                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          488                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                132085                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               16210742                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                91430                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           51048754                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              960                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              5286588                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              744997                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 14632                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 1419                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         25739                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115798                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              141537                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             48022297                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              4946443                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           219342                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     5673185                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6241273                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    726742                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.572713                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      47985422                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     47888680                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 39183234                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 60773965                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.568337                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.644737                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        7980496                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           132037                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29473032                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.461276                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.755753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20852926     70.75%     70.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1878253      6.37%     77.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       516131      1.75%     78.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       895100      3.04%     81.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       303908      1.03%     82.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1203746      4.08%     87.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       159122      0.54%     87.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        27431      0.09%     87.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3636415     12.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29473032                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            22157892                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              43068246                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5343841                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      4635445                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   5764234                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 43065344                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               78049                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2902      0.01%      0.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        37600921     87.31%     87.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult         120582      0.28%     87.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     87.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     87.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     87.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     87.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     87.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     87.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     87.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     87.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     87.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     87.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     87.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     87.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     87.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     87.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     87.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     87.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     87.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     87.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     87.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     87.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     87.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     87.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        4635445     10.76%     98.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        708396      1.64%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         43068246                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3636415                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    76885359                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  103166295                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   22157892                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     43068246                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.378050                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.378050                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.725663                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.725663                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                65213434                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               41129270                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 32640469                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                24285205                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               18499458                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           140296                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            5653502                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           140296                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            40.296958                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          774                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         21900988                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        21900988                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      4394581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4394581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       706519                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        706519                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      5101100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         5101100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      5101100                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        5101100                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       337196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       337196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1877                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1877                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       339073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        339073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       339073                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       339073                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  22546173500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22546173500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    170109500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    170109500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  22716283000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22716283000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  22716283000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22716283000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4731777                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4731777                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       708396                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       708396                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      5440173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5440173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      5440173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5440173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.071262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002650                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002650                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.062328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.062328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.062328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.062328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66863.703899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66863.703899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90628.396377                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90628.396377                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66995.257658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66995.257658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66995.257658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66995.257658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         9745                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              153                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    63.692810                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2354                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2354                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       198777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       198777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       198777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       198777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       198777                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       198777                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       138419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       138419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1877                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1877                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       140296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       140296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       140296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       140296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10235344500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10235344500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    168232500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    168232500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10403577000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10403577000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10403577000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10403577000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002650                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002650                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025789                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025789                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025789                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025789                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73944.649940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73944.649940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89628.396377                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89628.396377                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74154.480527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74154.480527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74154.480527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74154.480527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                533                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                4                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           133.250000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          6189432                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         6189432                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1547353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1547353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1547353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1547353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1547353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1547353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       414000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       414000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       414000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       414000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       414000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       414000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1547357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1547357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1547357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1547357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1547357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1547357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       103500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       103500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       103500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            4                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                4                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       410000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       410000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       410000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       410000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       410000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       410000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       102500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       102500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       102500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    119540                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      183727                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    119540                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.536950                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        7.635311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.681615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16375.683074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          841                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7886                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2364340                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2364340                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2354                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2354                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            4                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                4                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               191                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   191                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         20586                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             20586                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                20777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    20777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               20777                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   20777                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            1686                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                1686                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                4                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       117833                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          117833                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             119519                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 119523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            119519                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                119523                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    163388000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     163388000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       404000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       404000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9811223500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   9811223500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       404000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9974611500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       9975015500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       404000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9974611500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      9975015500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2354                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2354                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            4                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            4                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1877                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1877                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              4                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       138419                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        138419                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           140296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               140300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          140296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              140300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.898242                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.898242                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.851278                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.851278                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.851906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.851910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.851906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.851910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96908.659549                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96908.659549                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       101000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83263.801312                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83263.801312                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83456.283101                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83456.870226                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83456.283101                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83456.870226                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 2248                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      2248                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           24                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            24                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1686                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           1686                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       117833                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       117833                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        119519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            119523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       119519                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           119523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    146528000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    146528000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       364000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       364000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8632893500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8632893500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       364000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8779421500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8779785500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       364000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8779421500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8779785500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.898242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.898242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.851278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.851278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.851906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.851910                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.851906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.851910                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86908.659549                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86908.659549                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        91000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73263.801312                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73263.801312                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73456.283101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73456.870226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73456.283101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73456.870226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        239050                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       119527                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             117837                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2248                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           117279                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1686                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1686                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        117837                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       358573                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       358573                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 358573                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      7793344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      7793344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 7793344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            119523                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  119523    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              119523                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           271559500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          632285500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       280600                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       140300                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           26                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             37                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           30                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            7                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            138423                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4602                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          255234                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1877                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1877                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       138419                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       420888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                420900                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      9129600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                9130112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          119540                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    143872                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           259840                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000269                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.017978                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 259777     99.98%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     56      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      7      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             259840                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          142658000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         210444000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
