
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               473287667875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2740877                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  5178271                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               39169422                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1218644                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   389.78                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1068330952                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2018371455                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         260800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             260928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       230208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          230208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            4075                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                4077                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3597                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3597                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          17082211                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              17090595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        15078458                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             15078458                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        15078458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         17082211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             32169053                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        4077                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3597                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      4077                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3597                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 260928                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  230400                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  260928                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               230208                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                91                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15264627000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  4077                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3597                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    4071                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4796                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    102.445371                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    77.850745                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   135.319743                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4148     86.49%     86.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          292      6.09%     92.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          109      2.27%     94.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           87      1.81%     96.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           63      1.31%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           34      0.71%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           16      0.33%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           15      0.31%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           32      0.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4796                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          202                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      20.198020                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     20.013556                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      3.017428                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17            10      4.95%      4.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19            83     41.09%     46.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21            76     37.62%     83.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23            17      8.42%     92.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25             3      1.49%     93.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27             5      2.48%     96.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29             3      1.49%     97.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31             2      0.99%     98.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             2      0.99%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-37             1      0.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           202                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          202                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.821782                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.812374                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.562440                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               17      8.42%      8.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.99%      9.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              183     90.59%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           202                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    274714750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               351158500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   20385000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     67381.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                86131.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        17.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        15.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     17.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     15.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.67                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       72                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2809                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                78.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1989135.65                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    37.54                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 12052320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  6402165                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                10759980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                7830000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         870330240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            325200960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             36508800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2066514480                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1662651360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1446658980                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             6446199045                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            422.221376                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14451971250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     59281000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     369372000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   5594598750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4329907250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     382426000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4531759125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 22191120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 11798655                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                18349800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               10962000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1197318720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            458404260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             46461120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3189968520                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2028621600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        581234220                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7565841105                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            495.557121                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14138363500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     72924000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     508016000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1861473250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5282863375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     546384500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6995683000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13231726                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13231726                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1025225                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11024688                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 987289                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            207315                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11024688                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3811270                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7213418                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       720215                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10151839                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7705030                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       118716                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        38051                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    9058489                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        14632                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   25                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9747529                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59741079                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13231726                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4798559                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19679765                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2067114                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                8405                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        65141                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  9043857                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               245210                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534397                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.742679                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.568462                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12260664     40.15%     40.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  854701      2.80%     42.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1269750      4.16%     47.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1442602      4.72%     51.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1146230      3.75%     55.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1158960      3.80%     59.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1054752      3.45%     62.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  923707      3.03%     65.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10423031     34.14%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534397                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.433334                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.956499                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8711435                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4054645                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15810366                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               924394                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1033557                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             109044725                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1033557                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9446650                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3081310                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         19128                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15938758                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1014994                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             104248789                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  272                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 74774                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    77                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                879540                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          110949851                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            262825149                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       156862664                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3178192                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             71368029                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                39581851                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               948                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1293                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1008950                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11968298                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            9030918                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           509008                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          205956                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  94499609                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              58808                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 84864029                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           426707                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       27767780                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40410929                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         58783                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534397                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.779293                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.506835                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9282985     30.40%     30.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2891256      9.47%     39.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3221175     10.55%     50.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3229646     10.58%     61.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3239067     10.61%     71.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2837782      9.29%     80.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3154551     10.33%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1654479      5.42%     96.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1023456      3.35%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534397                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 804856     72.93%     72.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     72.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     72.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                15139      1.37%     74.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                105109      9.52%     83.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                89636      8.12%     91.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              861      0.08%     92.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           87962      7.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           504733      0.59%      0.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             64321724     75.79%     76.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               74189      0.09%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                89689      0.11%     76.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1189073      1.40%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10273464     12.11%     90.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7741183      9.12%     99.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         389864      0.46%     99.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        280110      0.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              84864029                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.779266                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1103563                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013004                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         197815408                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119263960                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     79585516                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3977318                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3063348                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1813303                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              83454570                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                2008289                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1325289                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3967010                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        11408                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2240                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2479426                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1033557                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3136635                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 2939                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           94558417                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            14750                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11968298                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             9030918                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             20777                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   119                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 2870                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2240                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        300389                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1051156                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1351545                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             82464477                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             10144733                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2399553                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17842278                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8968819                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7697545                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.700682                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      81956885                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     81398819                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 56871121                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 89299676                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.665782                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.636857                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       27768294                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             25                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1032837                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26366052                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.533206                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.748422                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      8936313     33.89%     33.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3892399     14.76%     48.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2731403     10.36%     59.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3714492     14.09%     73.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1157672      4.39%     77.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1211145      4.59%     82.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       846515      3.21%     85.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       482446      1.83%     87.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3393667     12.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26366052                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            35266524                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              66790642                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      14552779                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      8001284                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7764463                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1360818                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 65768435                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              483288                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       271010      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        50802998     76.06%     76.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          56695      0.08%     76.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           79212      0.12%     76.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       1027948      1.54%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7713694     11.55%     89.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6551495      9.81%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       287590      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         66790642                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3393667                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   117531321                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  193369992                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             33                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            291                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   35266524                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     66790642                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.865826                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.865826                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.154966                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.154966                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               119620314                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               63708935                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2560801                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1261129                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 41855630                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21867478                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               36193546                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5258                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             423024                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5258                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            80.453404                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          258                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          462                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          267                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         61056942                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        61056942                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8703833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8703833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6551311                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6551311                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     15255144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        15255144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     15255144                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       15255144                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3485                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3485                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         7777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          7777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         7777                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         7777                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    222202000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    222202000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    453535000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    453535000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    675737000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    675737000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    675737000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    675737000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8708125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8708125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6554796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6554796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     15262921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15262921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     15262921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15262921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51771.202237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51771.202237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 130139.167862                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130139.167862                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86889.160345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86889.160345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86889.160345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86889.160345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3984                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3984                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2518                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2518                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3464                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3464                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    131819000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131819000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    448078000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    448078000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    579897000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    579897000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    579897000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    579897000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000528                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000528                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73436.768802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73436.768802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 129352.771363                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 129352.771363                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 110267.541358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110267.541358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 110267.541358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110267.541358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1077                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.000005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            1759407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          1633.618384                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.000005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          998                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         36176506                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        36176506                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      9042735                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        9042735                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      9042735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         9042735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      9042735                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        9042735                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1122                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1122                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1122                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1122                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14958500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14958500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14958500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14958500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14958500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14958500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      9043857                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9043857                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      9043857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      9043857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      9043857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      9043857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13331.996435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13331.996435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13331.996435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13331.996435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13331.996435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13331.996435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1077                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1077                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1078                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1078                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13611000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13611000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13611000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13611000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13611000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13611000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12626.159555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12626.159555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12626.159555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12626.159555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12626.159555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12626.159555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4084                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        5826                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      4084                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.426543                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       50.961805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        25.684431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16307.353764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          244                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2433                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13681                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    105380                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   105380                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3984                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3984                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1077                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1077                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1075                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1075                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1180                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1180                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1075                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1183                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2258                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3461                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3461                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          614                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             614                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               4075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              4075                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4077                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    442895000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     442895000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       704500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       704500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    116583500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    116583500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       704500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    559478500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        560183000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       704500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    559478500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       560183000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3984                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3984                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1077                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1077                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3464                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3464                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1794                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1794                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 6335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                6335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999134                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999134                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001857                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.001857                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.342252                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.342252                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.001857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.775010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.643567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.001857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.775010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.643567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 127967.350477                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127967.350477                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       352250                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       352250                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 189875.407166                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 189875.407166                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       352250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 137295.337423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 137400.784891                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       352250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 137295.337423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 137400.784891                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3597                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3597                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            5                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             5                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3461                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3461                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          614                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          614                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          4075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        20500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    408285000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    408285000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       684500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       684500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    110443500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110443500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       684500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    518728500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    519413000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       684500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    518728500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    519413000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.342252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.775010                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.643567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.775010                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.643567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 117967.350477                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117967.350477                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       342250                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       342250                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 179875.407166                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179875.407166                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       342250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 127295.337423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 127400.784891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       342250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 127295.337423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 127400.784891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          8146                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         4069                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                616                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3597                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              471                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3461                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3461                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           616                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        12223                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        12223                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  12223                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       491136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       491136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  491136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              4078                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    4078    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                4078                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            23573000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           22479750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        12672                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         6335                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           11                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             21                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           21                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2872                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7581                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1077                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1761                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3464                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3464                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1078                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1794                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3232                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        15776                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 19008                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       137856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       591488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 729344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            4085                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    230272                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            10421                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.003071                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.055332                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  10389     99.69%     99.69% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     32      0.31%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              10421                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           11397000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1617000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           7888498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
