
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10580269478625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               66259825                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                123825464                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              162823152                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    93.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6212944202                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11610668352                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          24832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9997696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10022528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        24832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         24832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9952192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9952192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             388                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156602                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155503                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155503                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1626478                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         654841858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             656468336                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1626478                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1626478                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       651861379                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            651861379                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       651861379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1626478                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        654841858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1308329716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156601                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155503                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156601                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155503                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10022464                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9952000                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10022464                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9952192                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             10122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             10052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             10012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             10107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             10035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267335000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156601                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155503                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     748                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     315                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9710                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9742                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9727                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27452                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    727.600175                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   565.953524                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   360.046692                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2176      7.93%      7.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2248      8.19%     16.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2038      7.42%     23.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1461      5.32%     28.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1569      5.72%     34.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1511      5.50%     40.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1423      5.18%     45.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1268      4.62%     49.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13758     50.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27452                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9711                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.125940                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.076576                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.544565                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               6      0.06%      0.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             50      0.51%      0.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            97      1.00%      1.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9413     96.93%     98.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           105      1.08%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            20      0.21%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             7      0.07%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             5      0.05%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             2      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             2      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9711                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9711                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.012769                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.011447                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.223818                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9672     99.60%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                4      0.04%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               12      0.12%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               10      0.10%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                4      0.04%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                5      0.05%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                3      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9711                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2886609500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5822878250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  783005000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18432.89                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37182.89                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       656.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       651.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    656.46                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    651.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143022                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141626                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48917.46                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98824740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52522800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               563088960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              407969100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         750475440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1508980380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             60816480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2108589030                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       312783360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1572514620                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7436589570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            487.091239                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11799771750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     41598250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     318024000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6361107250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    814566000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3107889250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4624159375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97189680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51657540                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               555042180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403740900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         748631520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1499611860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             65296800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2072227020                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       331878240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1582953300                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7408269660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.236306                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11764289500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     50689750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     317286000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6399962875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    864298750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3090804250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4544302500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1301068                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1301068                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7835                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1291092                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4157                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               904                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1291092                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1248478                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           42614                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5425                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     441924                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1284489                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          881                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2647                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      64850                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          294                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   58                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             92799                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5849999                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1301068                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1252635                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30396601                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  16386                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 162                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1171                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           33                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    64649                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2329                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30498962                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.386097                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.653816                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28742114     94.24%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   49149      0.16%     94.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   53134      0.17%     94.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  277578      0.91%     95.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   34082      0.11%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   11951      0.04%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   12116      0.04%     95.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   32088      0.11%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1286750      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30498962                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.042610                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.191585                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  421410                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28590575                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   692797                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               785987                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  8193                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11698581                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  8193                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  699738                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 283600                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         16182                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1199026                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28292223                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11658421                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1606                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 23984                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  5742                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              27991190                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14922485                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24644467                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13434118                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           441858                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14599853                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  322566                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               188                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           196                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4791769                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              454103                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1293785                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            30012                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           21734                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11585954                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                933                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11511310                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2237                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         206357                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       301174                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           785                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30498962                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.377433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.267260                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27395803     89.83%     89.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             497464      1.63%     91.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             539855      1.77%     93.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             359516      1.18%     94.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             313199      1.03%     95.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1016249      3.33%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             148211      0.49%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             197039      0.65%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              31626      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30498962                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  90153     93.61%     93.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     93.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     93.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  667      0.69%     94.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   976      1.01%     95.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  247      0.26%     95.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             4067      4.22%     99.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             195      0.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             5663      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9654950     83.87%     83.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  93      0.00%     83.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  323      0.00%     83.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             119031      1.03%     84.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              375862      3.27%     88.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1232284     10.70%     98.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          69318      0.60%     99.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         53786      0.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11511310                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.376991                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      96305                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.008366                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          53077564                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11495523                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11217535                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             542555                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            297980                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       266059                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11328244                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 273708                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2427                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28516                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          275                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15118                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           18                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          765                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  8193                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  73314                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               165975                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11586887                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              991                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               454103                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1293785                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               424                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   534                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               165183                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           275                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2227                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7588                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9815                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11492846                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               441697                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            18459                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1726164                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1269487                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1284467                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.376387                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11487447                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11483594                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8403420                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11681519                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.376084                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.719377                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         206607                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7991                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30466032                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.373547                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.302546                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27478962     90.20%     90.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       373776      1.23%     91.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       327735      1.08%     92.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1106016      3.63%     96.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        72119      0.24%     96.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       635508      2.09%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        89848      0.29%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        28447      0.09%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       353621      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30466032                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5626357                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11380495                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1704248                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       425584                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1261593                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    261074                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11239876                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1227                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3220      0.03%      0.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9556270     83.97%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             74      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             276      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        116407      1.02%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         359418      3.16%     88.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1225465     10.77%     98.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        66166      0.58%     99.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        53199      0.47%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11380495                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               353621                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41699513                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   23207724                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            329                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          35726                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5626357                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11380495                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.427080                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.427080                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.184261                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.184261                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13169113                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8716288                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   412316                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  211253                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6330251                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5792501                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4274230                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156266                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1482405                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156266                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.486421                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          831                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7023362                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7023362                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       433217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         433217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1124091                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1124091                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1557308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1557308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1557308                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1557308                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154590                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154590                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       159466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        159466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       159466                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       159466                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    443439000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    443439000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13940080497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13940080497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14383519497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14383519497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14383519497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14383519497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       438093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       438093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1278681                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1278681                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1716774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1716774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1716774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1716774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.120898                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.120898                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.092887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.092887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.092887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.092887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90943.191140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90943.191140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90174.529381                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90174.529381                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90198.032791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90198.032791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90198.032791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90198.032791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        16668                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          430                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              208                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    80.134615                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          215                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155001                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155001                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3196                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3196                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154578                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154578                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    179544500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    179544500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13784658498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13784658498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13964202998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13964202998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13964202998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13964202998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003862                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003862                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.120889                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120889                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.091025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.091025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106113.770686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106113.770686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89176.069674                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89176.069674                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89359.461176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89359.461176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89359.461176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89359.461176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              714                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.309016                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              14656                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              714                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            20.526611                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.309016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          823                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           259313                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          259313                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        63757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          63757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        63757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           63757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        63757                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          63757                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          892                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          892                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     66979998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66979998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     66979998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     66979998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     66979998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     66979998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        64649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        64649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        64649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        64649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        64649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        64649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 75089.683857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75089.683857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 75089.683857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75089.683857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 75089.683857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75089.683857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           52                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           13                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          714                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              714                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          175                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          175                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          717                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          717                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     49268000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49268000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     49268000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49268000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     49268000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49268000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011091                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011091                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011091                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011091                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68714.086471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68714.086471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68714.086471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68714.086471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68714.086471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68714.086471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157221                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156847                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157221                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997621                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       50.050692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        31.679668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16302.269640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          830                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6344                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2668725                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2668725                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155001                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155001                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          714                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              714                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            325                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                325                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            36                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                36                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   52                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 325                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  52                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     377                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154558                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154558                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          388                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              388                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1656                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1656                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               388                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156214                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156602                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13552550000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13552550000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44756000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     44756000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    176542500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    176542500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44756000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13729092500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13773848500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44756000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13729092500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13773848500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155001                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155001                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          714                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          714                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154574                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154574                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          713                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            713                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1692                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1692                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999896                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999896                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.544180                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.544180                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.978723                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.978723                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.544180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.544180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87685.852560                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87685.852560                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 115350.515464                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115350.515464                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106607.789855                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106607.789855                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 115350.515464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87886.441036                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87954.486533                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 115350.515464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87886.441036                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87954.486533                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155503                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155503                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154558                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154558                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          388                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          388                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1656                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1656                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12006970000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12006970000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40876000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40876000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    159982500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    159982500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40876000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12166952500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12207828500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40876000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12166952500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12207828500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.544180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.544180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.978723                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.978723                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.544180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.544180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77685.852560                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77685.852560                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105350.515464                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105350.515464                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96607.789855                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96607.789855                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105350.515464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77886.441036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77954.486533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105350.515464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77886.441036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77954.486533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        313317                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156729                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2044                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155503                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1213                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154557                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154558                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          2044                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       469919                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       469919                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 469919                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19974720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19974720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19974720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156601                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156601    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156601                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           936024500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          823616750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       313967                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156980                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          116                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            578                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          578                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2409                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       310504                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          714                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2983                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154574                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154574                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           717                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1692                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       468806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                470950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        91328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19921088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20012416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157225                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9952448                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           314208                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002209                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.046945                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 313514     99.78%     99.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    694      0.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             314208                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          312698500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1075500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         234401998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
