
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2549646468875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               15999862                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 29572364                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               45543608                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   335.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5363549383                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9913387581                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           8960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        3134464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            3143424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          8960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1940224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1940224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             140                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           48976                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               49116                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         30316                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              30316                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            586874                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         205305125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             205891999                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       586874                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           586874                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       127083269                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            127083269                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       127083269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           586874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        205305125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            332975268                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       49116                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      30316                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     49116                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    30316                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                3142976                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1940096                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 3143424                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1940224                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              3250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              3878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              3415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              3114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              3146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              3009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              3076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              2897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              3036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              3074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             3067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             2941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             2774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             2721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             2814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             2897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              2062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267111000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 49116                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                30316                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   44268                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    3878                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     937                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    711                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   1673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   1769                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   1800                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   1804                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   1805                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   1803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1802                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   1806                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   1806                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   1808                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   1809                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   1819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   1816                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1890                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   1827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   1822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        32224                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    157.743793                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   108.325759                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   191.264690                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        18830     58.43%     58.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7866     24.41%     82.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2392      7.42%     90.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1153      3.58%     93.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          510      1.58%     95.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          352      1.09%     96.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          259      0.80%     97.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          174      0.54%     97.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          688      2.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        32224                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1801                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      27.106607                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     23.033514                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     32.663584                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           1665     92.45%     92.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            75      4.16%     96.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            17      0.94%     97.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-127           10      0.56%     98.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            6      0.33%     98.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            5      0.28%     98.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            8      0.44%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            4      0.22%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            3      0.17%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            3      0.17%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            3      0.17%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.06%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            1      0.06%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          1801                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1801                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.831760                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.801470                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.019810                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             1063     59.02%     59.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               23      1.28%     60.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              674     37.42%     97.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               38      2.11%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                2      0.11%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          1801                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   1085299750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              2006093500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  245545000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     22099.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                40849.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       205.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       127.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    205.89                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    127.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.10                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    34210                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   12992                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 69.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                42.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     192203.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    59.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                114889740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 61061550                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               184104900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               80288820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1181952720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1183757190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             35963040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4455395310                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       851596800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        164069340                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8313314700                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            544.516101                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12576557750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     25365750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     500404750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    588760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2217679000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2164589750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9770544875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                115168200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 61228530                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               166533360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               77950260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1177650240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1190855400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             38803680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4345082640                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       903753120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        185711760                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8262846360                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            541.210462                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12551365500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     30187750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     498466000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    672309250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2353286125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2184499750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9528595250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               12871544                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         12871544                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           847854                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             9411509                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 674403                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            109588                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        9411509                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           4275539                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         5135970                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       501127                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    7087802                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2117661                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        54115                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        13115                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    4727479                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         1420                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   25                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           5273912                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      50903738                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   12871544                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4949942                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     24394558                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                1697092                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 519                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         8278                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           11                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  4726069                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               181026                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30525824                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.506130                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.589619                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                13994853     45.85%     45.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  600174      1.97%     47.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  642929      2.11%     49.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1042568      3.42%     53.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  475770      1.56%     54.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 2736907      8.97%     63.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  716622      2.35%     66.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  401570      1.32%     67.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 9914431     32.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30525824                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.421538                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.667079                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 3961330                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             11678754                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 12814861                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1222333                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                848546                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              99116718                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                848546                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 4736572                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                9131406                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        151292                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 13134823                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              2523185                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              94696547                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                69070                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                678278                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  2849                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               1612441                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          115583389                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            233643136                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       128767076                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          9862651                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             69317492                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                46265765                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             16500                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         18010                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3391535                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             8731514                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            2655564                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           143381                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          210331                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  86164251                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             122903                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 74238449                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           930433                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       31585603                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45063314                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        122758                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30525824                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.431988                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.749701                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           14240335     46.65%     46.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1746705      5.72%     52.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1981600      6.49%     58.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            1859399      6.09%     64.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1831545      6.00%     70.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1801302      5.90%     76.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3487549     11.42%     88.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            2926749      9.59%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             650640      2.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30525824                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                3760986     98.34%     98.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     98.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     98.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                44930      1.17%     99.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     99.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     99.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     99.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     99.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     99.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     99.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     99.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     99.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     99.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     99.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     99.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     99.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     99.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     99.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     99.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     99.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     99.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     99.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     99.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     99.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     99.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     99.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     99.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     99.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     99.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     99.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5063      0.13%     99.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 2264      0.06%     99.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            10949      0.29%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             293      0.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           954961      1.29%      1.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             60920826     82.06%     83.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               13151      0.02%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                43682      0.06%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            2578861      3.47%     86.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     86.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     86.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     86.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     86.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     86.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     86.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     86.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     86.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     86.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     86.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     86.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     86.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     86.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     86.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     86.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     86.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     86.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     86.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     86.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     86.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     86.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     86.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     86.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     86.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     86.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     86.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             6262691      8.44%     95.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2202845      2.97%     98.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        1226795      1.65%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         34637      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              74238449                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.431282                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    3824485                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.051516                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         175872037                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        108769134                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     68138216                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            7885597                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           9103875                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3525836                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              73159870                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                3948103                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          210021                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3590448                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2535                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          292                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       925481                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1968                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          263                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                848546                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                6573460                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               611618                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           86287154                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            32944                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              8731514                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2655564                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             49771                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 21516                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               581594                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           292                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        246318                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       803312                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1049630                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             72413368                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              7069952                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1825075                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     9187312                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8183593                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2117360                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.371512                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      72042042                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     71664052                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 55565793                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 90989289                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.346972                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.610685                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       31585821                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            145                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           848379                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25818453                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.118697                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.894647                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     13230904     51.25%     51.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2466626      9.55%     60.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2075413      8.04%     68.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1643909      6.37%     75.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       682899      2.65%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1517065      5.88%     83.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       286377      1.11%     84.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       204968      0.79%     85.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3710292     14.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25818453                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            26428052                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              54701474                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       6871143                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      5141060                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   6806777                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1717721                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 53264742                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              272887                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       379832      0.69%      0.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        46139060     84.35%     85.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          12270      0.02%     85.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           28485      0.05%     85.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       1270684      2.32%     87.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     87.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     87.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     87.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     87.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     87.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     87.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     87.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     87.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     87.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     87.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     87.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     87.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     87.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     87.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     87.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     87.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     87.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     87.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     87.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     87.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        4733980      8.65%     96.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1696203      3.10%     99.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       407080      0.74%     99.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        33880      0.06%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         54701474                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3710292                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   108395456                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  177362325                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            143                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           8864                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   26428052                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     54701474                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.155389                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.155389                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.865509                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.865509                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                94459427                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               57922024                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  5573151                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 3276438                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 43776720                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                27904921                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               26009318                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            69410                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          198048094                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            69410                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs          2853.307794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          528                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          413                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         34305974                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        34305974                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6685089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6685089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1710498                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1710498                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8395587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8395587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8395587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8395587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       143925                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       143925                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        19629                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        19629                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       163554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        163554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       163554                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       163554                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8428813000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8428813000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1478144000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1478144000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9906957000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9906957000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9906957000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9906957000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6829014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6829014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1730127                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1730127                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8559141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8559141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8559141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8559141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.021076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011345                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011345                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.019109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.019109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 58563.925656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58563.925656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75304.090886                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75304.090886                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 60573.003412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60573.003412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 60573.003412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60573.003412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         6901                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               99                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    69.707071                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        25684                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            25684                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        93816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        93816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        94134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        94134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        94134                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        94134                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        50109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        19311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        19311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        69420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        69420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3387509500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3387509500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1433060500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1433060500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4820570000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4820570000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4820570000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4820570000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011162                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011162                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.008111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.008111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67602.815861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67602.815861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74209.543783                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74209.543783                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69440.651109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69440.651109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69440.651109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69440.651109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              863                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1021.614828                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           92128707                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              863                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         106754.005794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1021.614828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          854                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         18905148                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        18905148                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      4725128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        4725128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      4725128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         4725128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      4725128                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        4725128                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          941                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          941                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          941                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          941                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     29090500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     29090500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     29090500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     29090500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     29090500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     29090500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      4726069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4726069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      4726069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      4726069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      4726069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      4726069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 30914.452710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30914.452710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 30914.452710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30914.452710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 30914.452710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30914.452710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           97                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           97                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           69                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           69                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          872                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          872                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     24736500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24736500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     24736500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24736500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     24736500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24736500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 28367.545872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28367.545872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 28367.545872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28367.545872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 28367.545872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28367.545872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     49303                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      201588                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     49303                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      4.088757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       47.235651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        30.953433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16305.810916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5821                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9982                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   1173519                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  1173519                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        25684                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            25684                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          863                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              863                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                9                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    9                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data              5064                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  5064                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            724                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                724                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         15370                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             15370                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                20434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    21158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 724                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               20434                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   21158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           14240                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               14240                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          140                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              140                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        34736                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           34736                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              48976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  49116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               140                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             48976                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 49116                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1349907500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1349907500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15803000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     15803000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3150138000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   3150138000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15803000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4500045500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4515848500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15803000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4500045500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4515848500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        25684                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        25684                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          863                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          863                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         19304                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             19304                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          864                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            864                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        50106                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         50106                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            69410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                70274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           69410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               70274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.100000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.100000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.737671                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.737671                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.162037                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.162037                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.693250                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.693250                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.162037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.705604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.698921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.162037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.705604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.698921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94796.875000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94796.875000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 112878.571429                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112878.571429                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90687.989406                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90687.989406                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 112878.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91882.667021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91942.513641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 112878.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91882.667021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91942.513641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                30316                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     30316                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           24                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            24                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14240                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          14240                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          140                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          140                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        34736                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        34736                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         48976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             49116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        48976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            49116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        20500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1207507500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1207507500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14403000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14403000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2802778000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2802778000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14403000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4010285500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4024688500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14403000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4010285500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4024688500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.100000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.737671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.737671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.162037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.162037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.693250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.693250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.162037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.705604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.698921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.162037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.705604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.698921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84796.875000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84796.875000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102878.571429                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102878.571429                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80687.989406                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80687.989406                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102878.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81882.667021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81942.513641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102878.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81882.667021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81942.513641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         98249                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        49135                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              34876                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        30316                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            18816                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             14240                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            14240                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         34876                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       147365                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       147365                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 147365                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      5083648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      5083648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 5083648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             49117                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   49117    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               49117                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           230528000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          261479250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       140565                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        70271                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           87                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            204                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          203                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             50978                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        56000                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          863                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           62713                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              10                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             10                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            19304                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           19304                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           872                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        50106                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2599                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       208250                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                210849                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       110528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      6086016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                6196544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           49311                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1940736                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           119595                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002425                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.049353                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 119306     99.76%     99.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    288      0.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             119595                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           96829500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1308000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         104120499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
