
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3648895245875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               67762832                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                125557118                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              185576453                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    82.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5574834495                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10329561184                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12188288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12188352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        45632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           45632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          190442                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              190443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           713                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                713                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         798324050                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             798328242                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2988863                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2988863                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2988863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        798324050                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            801317105                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      190442                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        713                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    190442                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      713                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12182208                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    6080                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   45056                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12188288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                45632                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     95                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267323000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                190442                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  713                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  144012                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43294                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2984                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97467                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    125.450953                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   107.807302                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.293358                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        44132     45.28%     45.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43090     44.21%     89.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8891      9.12%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1161      1.19%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          138      0.14%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           26      0.03%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           11      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97467                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           44                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    4332.227273                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   4206.584380                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1051.832993                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            2      4.55%      4.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            3      6.82%     11.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            8     18.18%     29.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            4      9.09%     38.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            2      4.55%     43.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            4      9.09%     52.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            5     11.36%     63.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            2      4.55%     68.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            4      9.09%     77.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            4      9.09%     86.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            2      4.55%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            1      2.27%     93.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            1      2.27%     95.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            1      2.27%     97.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      2.27%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            44                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           44                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               44    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            44                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4682100500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8251106750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  951735000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24597.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43347.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       797.93                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    798.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.99                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    92981                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     602                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 48.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      79868.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                349410180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                185715915                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               683890620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1252800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1619159670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24482400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5200969560                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        94910880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9365101065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.407348                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11652705500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9384000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    247310750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3094753500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11406035875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                346511340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184171350                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               675194100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2422080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1601886390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24628800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5202970830                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       107625120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9350104410                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            612.425078                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11690747750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9557500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    280472500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3057409250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11410304875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1788481                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1788481                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            88351                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1472509                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  70128                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             10933                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1472509                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            725785                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          746724                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        34884                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     874794                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      88710                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       161724                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1501                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1414329                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         6965                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1456244                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5462686                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1788481                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            795913                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28869160                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 181166                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2181                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1631                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        56750                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1407365                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                12569                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      7                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30476549                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.361456                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.517798                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28413117     93.23%     93.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   34462      0.11%     93.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  656227      2.15%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   42460      0.14%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  147958      0.49%     96.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   91019      0.30%     96.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   99542      0.33%     96.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   36655      0.12%     96.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  955109      3.13%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30476549                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.058572                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.178901                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  769652                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28230223                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1052198                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               333893                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 90583                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               9108150                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 90583                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  882855                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26900176                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         20225                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1192765                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1389945                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               8693575                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                86127                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1040735                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                287085                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  2068                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           10324930                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23811718                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        11666663                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            55902                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3552400                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6772488                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               357                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           450                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2061044                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1487037                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             130330                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             6657                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            6440                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8145736                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               7538                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5936626                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             8718                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5193653                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10147819                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          7538                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30476549                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.194793                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.824914                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28160649     92.40%     92.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             872341      2.86%     95.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             477309      1.57%     96.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             327290      1.07%     97.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             339238      1.11%     99.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             125635      0.41%     99.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             104075      0.34%     99.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              41876      0.14%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              28136      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30476549                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  17466     71.29%     71.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     71.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     71.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1811      7.39%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4589     18.73%     97.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  482      1.97%     99.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              104      0.42%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              47      0.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            27310      0.46%      0.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4852060     81.73%     82.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2142      0.04%     82.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                16204      0.27%     82.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              22427      0.38%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              917286     15.45%     98.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              95390      1.61%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           3652      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           155      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5936626                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.194422                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      24499                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004127                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          42328258                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         13303050                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5649276                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              54760                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             43880                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        24627                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5905607                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  28208                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            7684                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       959998                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          287                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            3                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        81374                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           65                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1065                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 90583                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24532852                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               281281                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8153274                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             6196                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1487037                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              130330                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2753                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 21803                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                76167                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             3                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         43790                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58830                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              102620                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5803921                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               874296                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           132705                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      962984                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  676746                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     88688                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.190076                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5701578                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5673903                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4181844                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  6687483                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.185818                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.625324                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5194508                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            90581                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29721294                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.099578                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.601464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28496613     95.88%     95.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       545418      1.84%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       139623      0.47%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       353038      1.19%     99.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        69131      0.23%     99.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        38201      0.13%     99.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9621      0.03%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6641      0.02%     99.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        63008      0.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29721294                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1482171                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2959584                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        575990                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       527034                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    505734                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     19500                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2939950                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                8625                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         5774      0.20%      0.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2347014     79.30%     79.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            345      0.01%     79.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           13781      0.47%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         16680      0.56%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         524214     17.71%     98.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         48956      1.65%     99.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2820      0.10%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2959584                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                63008                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37812378                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   17066321                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            481                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          58139                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1482171                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2959584                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             20.601326                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       20.601326                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.048541                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.048541                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 6103148                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4920934                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    43518                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   21712                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3496652                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1584911                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2952099                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           255182                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             445452                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           255182                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.745625                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          790                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3892026                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3892026                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       403910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         403910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        47840                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         47840                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       451750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          451750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       451750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         451750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       456345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       456345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1116                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1116                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       457461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        457461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       457461                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       457461                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34709116500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34709116500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     57408500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     57408500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34766525000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34766525000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34766525000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34766525000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       860255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       860255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        48956                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        48956                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       909211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       909211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       909211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       909211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.530476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.530476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022796                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022796                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.503141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.503141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.503141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.503141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76058.938961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76058.938961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51441.308244                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51441.308244                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75998.882965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75998.882965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75998.882965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75998.882965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        25217                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              934                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    26.998929                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2486                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2486                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       202264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       202264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       202279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       202279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       202279                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       202279                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       254081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       254081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       255182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       255182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       255182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       255182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19116299000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19116299000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     54851500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54851500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19171150500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19171150500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19171150500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19171150500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.295355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022490                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022490                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.280663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.280663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.280663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.280663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75237.026775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75237.026775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49819.709355                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49819.709355                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75127.362040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75127.362040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75127.362040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75127.362040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              97225                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                97225                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5629461                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5629461                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1407364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1407364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1407364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1407364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1407364                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1407364                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        86500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total        86500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total        86500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1407365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1407365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1407365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1407365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1407365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1407365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        86500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        86500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        86500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        85500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        85500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        85500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total        85500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        85500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total        85500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        85500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        85500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        85500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        85500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        85500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        85500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    190452                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      323305                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    190452                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.697567                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.622656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.061698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.315646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10698                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4364                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4271236                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4271236                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2486                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2486                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               646                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   646                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         64095                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             64095                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                64741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    64741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               64741                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   64741                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             455                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 455                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       189986                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          189986                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             190441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 190442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            190441                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                190442                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     46145000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      46145000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        84000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total        84000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18029896500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18029896500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        84000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18076041500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18076125500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        84000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18076041500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18076125500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2486                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2486                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1101                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1101                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       254081                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        254081                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           255182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               255183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          255182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              255183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.413261                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.413261                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.747738                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.747738                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.746295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.746296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.746295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.746296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101417.582418                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101417.582418                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        84000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        84000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94901.184824                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94901.184824                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        84000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94916.753745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94916.696422                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        84000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94916.753745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94916.696422                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  713                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       713                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          455                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            455                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       189986                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       189986                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        190441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            190442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       190441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           190442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     41595000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41595000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        74000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        74000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16130036500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16130036500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        74000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16171631500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16171705500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        74000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16171631500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16171705500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.413261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.413261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.747738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.747738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.746295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.746296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.746295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.746296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91417.582418                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91417.582418                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        74000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        74000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84901.184824                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84901.184824                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        74000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84916.753745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84916.696422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        74000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84916.753745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84916.696422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        380875                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       190440                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             189988                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          713                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           189720                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               455                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              455                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        189987                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       571318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       571318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 571318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12233984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12233984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12233984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            190442                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  190442    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              190442                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           449211500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1030541750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       510366                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       255183                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          520                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             20                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           15                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            5                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            254082                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3199                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          442435                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1101                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1101                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       254081                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       765546                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                765549                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16490752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16490880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          190452                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     45632                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           445635                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001223                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035269                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 445095     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    535      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      5      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             445635                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          257670000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         382773000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
