
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                45802032375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 385128                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   712400                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               53076034                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1218120                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   287.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   110782117                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     204922125                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         251200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             251840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       251776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          251776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst              10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            3925                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3935                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3934                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3934                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             41920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16453418                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16495338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        41920                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            41920                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        16491146                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             16491146                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        16491146                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            41920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16453418                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             32986484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3935                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3934                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3935                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3934                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 251840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  252096                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  251840                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               251776                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15269023000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3935                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3934                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3930                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4750                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    106.078316                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    79.811755                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   136.376841                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4024     84.72%     84.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          325      6.84%     91.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          146      3.07%     94.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           82      1.73%     96.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           59      1.24%     97.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           46      0.97%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           27      0.57%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           25      0.53%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           16      0.34%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4750                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          222                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      17.747748                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     17.731131                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      0.754695                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15                1      0.45%      0.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16               26     11.71%     12.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17               11      4.95%     17.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18              177     79.73%     96.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19                4      1.80%     98.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20                3      1.35%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           222                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          222                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.743243                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.730288                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.660333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               27     12.16%     12.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                3      1.35%     13.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              192     86.49%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           222                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    357271000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               431052250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   19675000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     90793.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               109543.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        16.51                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.50                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     16.49                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.66                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       66                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3057                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                77.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1940401.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    39.69                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 15665160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  8322435                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                12873420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                9463860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1169659920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            462047130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             59098560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2888498370                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1974502560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        795388800                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7395685395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            484.412045                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14099678000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    104647000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     496718000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2623439750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5141913750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     566301125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6334324500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 18256980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  9703815                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                15222480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               11097720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1220060400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            529173750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             46963200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2896625430                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2312062560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        523674720                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7584045045                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            496.749466                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13980699750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     74971250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     517786000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1608645000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   6021069125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     692536750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6352336000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13119317                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13119317                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1072591                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            10812861                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 991284                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            211467                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       10812861                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3590928                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7221933                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       774277                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10042586                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7536270                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       129969                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        42633                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    8943487                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        14912                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9663629                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59511738                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13119317                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4582212                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19715265                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2162428                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                8238                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        66042                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8928575                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               267282                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534388                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.729565                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.579187                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12395775     40.60%     40.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  854169      2.80%     43.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1243001      4.07%     47.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1396392      4.57%     52.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1139052      3.73%     55.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1111287      3.64%     59.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1009574      3.31%     62.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  900551      2.95%     65.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10484587     34.34%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534388                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.429653                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.948988                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8571860                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4346714                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15581512                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               953088                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1081214                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108390991                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1081214                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9338164                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3235009                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         31100                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15705403                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1143498                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103335054                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 2455                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 64297                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    50                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               1024832                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          109877590                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            260055651                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       155329931                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3265408                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             68354396                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                41523114                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1286                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1770                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   928846                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11951908                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8923230                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           520831                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          216763                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  93037785                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              57890                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 82957634                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           446539                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       29001275                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42433053                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         57866                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534388                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.716859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.520980                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9810625     32.13%     32.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2867418      9.39%     41.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3075070     10.07%     51.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3114742     10.20%     61.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3142705     10.29%     72.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2797689      9.16%     81.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3064912     10.04%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1642703      5.38%     96.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1018524      3.34%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534388                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 799696     73.05%     73.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                13774      1.26%     74.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                108223      9.89%     84.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                85109      7.77%     91.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              494      0.05%     92.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           87392      7.98%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           517679      0.62%      0.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             62656668     75.53%     76.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               55769      0.07%     76.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                88661      0.11%     76.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1196938      1.44%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10171026     12.26%     90.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7582861      9.14%     99.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         409316      0.49%     99.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        278716      0.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              82957634                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.716833                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1094688                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013196                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         193966449                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        118919814                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     77459363                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            4024434                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3178243                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1828636                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              81503800                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                2030843                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1286323                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4201453                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        10844                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2490                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2554790                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          100                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1081214                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3289331                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 4416                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           93095675                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            16374                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11951908                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8923230                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             20616                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    82                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4380                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2490                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        293757                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1117287                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1411044                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             80424044                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             10035567                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2533590                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17564728                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8639838                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7529161                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.633858                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      79883793                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     79287999                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 55342485                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 86743676                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.596653                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.638000                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       29001767                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             24                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1080514                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26165701                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.449555                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.738989                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9398010     35.92%     35.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3760401     14.37%     50.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2655014     10.15%     60.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3577128     13.67%     74.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1119348      4.28%     78.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1118087      4.27%     82.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       802252      3.07%     85.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       472509      1.81%     87.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3262952     12.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26165701                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            33864844                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              64094331                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      14118876                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7750447                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7389185                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1328601                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 63096297                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              471904                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       264606      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        48589263     75.81%     76.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          40648      0.06%     76.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           77322      0.12%     76.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       1003616      1.57%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7469675     11.65%     89.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6368429      9.94%     99.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       280772      0.44%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         64094331                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3262952                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   115998847                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  190644847                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             35                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            300                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   33864844                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     64094331                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.901663                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.901663                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.109061                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.109061                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               116319760                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               62080454                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2577454                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1276485                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 40099180                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21097878                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35340825                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             4934                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             411879                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4934                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            83.477706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          231                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          496                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         59996390                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        59996390                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8622651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8622651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6368251                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6368251                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     14990902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        14990902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     14990902                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       14990902                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3408                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3408                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         6962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          6962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         6962                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         6962                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    306359500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    306359500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    482081000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    482081000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    788440500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    788440500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    788440500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    788440500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8626205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8626205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6371659                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6371659                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     14997864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14997864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     14997864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14997864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000535                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000535                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86201.322454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86201.322454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 141455.692488                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 141455.692488                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 113249.138179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113249.138179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 113249.138179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113249.138179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3836                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3836                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2028                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2028                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3388                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3388                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4934                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4934                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    173105000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    173105000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    476307000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    476307000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    649412000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    649412000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    649412000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    649412000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000532                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000532                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 111969.598965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111969.598965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 140586.481700                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140586.481700                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 131619.781111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131619.781111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 131619.781111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131619.781111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1687                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             270084                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1687                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           160.097214                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          994                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35715987                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35715987                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8926837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8926837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8926837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8926837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8926837                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8926837                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1738                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1738                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1738                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1738                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     23616500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     23616500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     23616500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     23616500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     23616500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     23616500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8928575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8928575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8928575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8928575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8928575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8928575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13588.319908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13588.319908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13588.319908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13588.319908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13588.319908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13588.319908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1687                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1687                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           51                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     21546000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21546000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     21546000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     21546000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     21546000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     21546000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000189                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000189                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000189                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000189                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12771.784232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12771.784232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12771.784232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12771.784232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12771.784232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12771.784232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      3945                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        3934                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3945                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997212                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      200.298448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst       203.701545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     15980.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.012225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.012433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.975342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          233                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2299                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13827                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    109817                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   109817                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3836                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3836                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1687                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1687                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1677                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1677                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1004                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1004                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1677                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1009                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2686                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3383                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3383                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total               10                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          542                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             542                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                 10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               3925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                10                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              3925                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3935                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    471169500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     471169500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1406500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      1406500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    160191000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    160191000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1406500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    631360500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        632767000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1406500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    631360500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       632767000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3836                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3836                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1687                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1687                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3388                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3388                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1687                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1687                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1546                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1546                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             4934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 6621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            4934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                6621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998524                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.998524                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005928                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.005928                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.350582                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.350582                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.005928                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.795501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.594321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.005928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.795501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.594321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 139275.642920                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 139275.642920                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       140650                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       140650                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 295555.350554                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 295555.350554                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       140650                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 160856.178344                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160804.828463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       140650                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 160856.178344                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160804.828463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3934                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3934                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3383                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3383                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          542                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          542                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          3925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    437339500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    437339500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1306500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1306500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    154771000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    154771000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1306500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    592110500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    593417000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1306500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    592110500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    593417000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.350582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.795501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.594321                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.795501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.594321                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 129275.642920                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 129275.642920                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       130650                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       130650                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 285555.350554                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285555.350554                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       130650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 150856.178344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 150804.828463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       130650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 150856.178344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 150804.828463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7873                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3939                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3934                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict                4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3383                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3383                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        11808                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        11808                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11808                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       503616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       503616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  503616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3935                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3935    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3935                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            24594000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21682500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        13242                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         6624                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            8                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              7                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            7                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              3233                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7770                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1687                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1109                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3388                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3388                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1687                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1546                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5061                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        14802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 19863                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       215936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       561280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 777216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            3945                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    251776                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            10566                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001704                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.041241                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  10548     99.83%     99.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     18      0.17%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              10566                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           12144000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2530500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           7401499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
