
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10626071511000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               64147429                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                119904884                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              157215716                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    97.11                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6229405834                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11644057116                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          19840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10024768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10044608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        19840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         19840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9945984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9945984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             310                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156637                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156947                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155406                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155406                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1299506                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         656615055                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             657914560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1299506                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1299506                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       651454760                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            651454760                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       651454760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1299506                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        656615055                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1309369320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156947                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155406                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156947                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155406                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10044608                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9946112                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10044608                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9945984                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             10056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             10072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             10002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267329000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156947                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155406                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  156008                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     611                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     236                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      78                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9667                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9711                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9718                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9718                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9718                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27318                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    731.783000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   573.323979                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   357.667898                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2005      7.34%      7.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2221      8.13%     15.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1952      7.15%     22.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1616      5.92%     28.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1632      5.97%     34.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1350      4.94%     39.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1410      5.16%     44.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1317      4.82%     49.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13815     50.57%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27318                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9708                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.166976                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.117099                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.573721                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               8      0.08%      0.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             37      0.38%      0.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            82      0.84%      1.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9408     96.91%     98.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           123      1.27%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            32      0.33%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             6      0.06%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             2      0.02%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             2      0.02%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             4      0.04%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9708                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9708                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.008241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.007525                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.161551                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9680     99.71%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.01%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               11      0.11%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                8      0.08%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                7      0.07%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9708                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2887535250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5830291500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  784735000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18398.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37148.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       657.91                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       651.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    657.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    651.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143420                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141618                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48878.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98153580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52177455                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               562946160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              406867680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         751704720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1518705720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             60579840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2089432470                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       317895360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1576088040                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7434753825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.970999                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11776045375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     41447250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     318562000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6368691500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    827812250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3128744500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4582086625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 96889800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51494355                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               557655420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              404362080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         749246160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1504322910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             64985280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2061734460                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       331744320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1587931320                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7410366105                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.373621                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11798954125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     49127000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     317600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6413892625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    864025250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3101634750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4521064500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1267112                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1267112                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6334                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1258871                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3538                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               720                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1258871                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1225453                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           33418                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4445                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     345683                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1253277                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          652                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2653                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      48008                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          248                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             70114                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5553473                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1267112                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1228991                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30428439                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  13210                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 140                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1135                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    47842                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1872                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30506433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.367156                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.623980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28887144     94.69%     94.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   30859      0.10%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   33566      0.11%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  223986      0.73%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   26623      0.09%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   16924      0.06%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   17250      0.06%     95.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   24598      0.08%     95.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1245483      4.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30506433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.041497                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.181874                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  389369                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28705916                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   638565                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               765978                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6605                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11140805                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6605                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  669454                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 232590                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         12355                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1123376                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28462053                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11109129                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1188                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 16424                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4659                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28166548                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14168115                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23477702                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12759692                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           301018                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             13911193                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  256922                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               128                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           132                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4856774                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              355566                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1260680                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20448                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           15575                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11050375                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                770                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 10990909                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1875                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         164749                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       239499                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           660                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30506433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.360282                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.229774                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27516703     90.20%     90.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             465444      1.53%     91.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             513150      1.68%     93.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             373152      1.22%     94.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             328724      1.08%     95.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1011854      3.32%     99.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             117657      0.39%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             138391      0.45%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              41358      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30506433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  47337     91.65%     91.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     91.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     91.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  408      0.79%     92.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     92.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     92.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     92.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     92.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     92.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     92.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     92.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     92.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     92.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     92.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     92.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     92.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     92.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     92.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     92.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     92.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     92.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     92.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     92.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     92.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     92.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     92.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     92.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     92.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     92.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     92.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     92.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   783      1.52%     93.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  190      0.37%     94.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2756      5.34%     99.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             173      0.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4167      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9303602     84.65%     84.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  81      0.00%     84.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  261      0.00%     84.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              79958      0.73%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              301844      2.75%     88.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1216380     11.07%     99.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46420      0.42%     99.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38196      0.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              10990909                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.359948                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      51647                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004699                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52173473                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11012123                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10788548                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             368300                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            203946                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       180439                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10852613                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 185776                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            1963                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22581                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           41                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          182                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12254                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           19                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          529                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6605                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  53241                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               142782                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11051145                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              754                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               355566                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1260680                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               337                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   379                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               142239                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           182                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1724                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6219                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7943                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             10976193                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               345530                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            14716                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1598792                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1241686                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1253262                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.359466                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      10972051                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     10968987                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8009338                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11204612                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.359230                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.714825                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         164938                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6468                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30480123                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.357164                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.253576                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27563809     90.43%     90.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       358818      1.18%     91.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       315579      1.04%     92.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1107721      3.63%     96.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        70609      0.23%     96.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       692362      2.27%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        55174      0.18%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        30441      0.10%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285610      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30480123                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5377280                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              10886396                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1581411                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       332985                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1235324                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    176798                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10792147                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2235      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9224456     84.73%     84.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         78008      0.72%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         288791      2.65%     88.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1210748     11.12%     99.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44194      0.41%     99.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37678      0.35%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         10886396                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               285610                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41245847                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   22129458                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            250                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          28256                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5377280                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     10886396                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.678464                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.678464                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.176104                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.176104                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12546744                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8331268                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   278451                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  141571                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6194921                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5533792                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4089240                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156693                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1443152                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.210060                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          921                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6521345                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6521345                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       339205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         339205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1093020                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1093020                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1432225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1432225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1432225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1432225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155416                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155416                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158938                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158938                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    326165000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    326165000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14022052496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14022052496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14348217496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14348217496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14348217496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14348217496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       342727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       342727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1248436                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1248436                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1591163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1591163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1591163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1591163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.124489                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.124489                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.099888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.099888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92607.893242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92607.893242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90222.708704                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90222.708704                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90275.563402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90275.563402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90275.563402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90275.563402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        11539                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1276                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              152                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    75.914474                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          638                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155754                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155754                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2242                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2242                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155407                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155407                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    137576000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    137576000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13865917996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13865917996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14003493996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14003493996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14003493996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14003493996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.124481                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124481                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098479                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098479                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106730.799069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106730.799069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89223.252466                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89223.252466                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89367.271634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89367.271634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89367.271634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89367.271634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              562                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.170922                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              13107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            23.322064                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.170922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          205                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          814                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           191932                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          191932                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        47131                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          47131                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        47131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           47131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        47131                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          47131                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          711                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          711                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          711                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          711                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     57843500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     57843500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     57843500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     57843500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     57843500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     57843500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        47842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        47842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        47842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        47842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        47842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        47842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 81355.133615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81355.133615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 81355.133615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81355.133615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 81355.133615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81355.133615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          562                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              562                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          147                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          147                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          564                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          564                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38355500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38355500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38355500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38355500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38355500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38355500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011789                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011789                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011789                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011789                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68006.205674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68006.205674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68006.205674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68006.205674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68006.205674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68006.205674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157442                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157442                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996761                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       51.550808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        32.336343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16300.112849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          958                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9542                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5781                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2673378                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2673378                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155754                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155754                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          562                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              562                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            252                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                252                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            39                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                39                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   56                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 252                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  56                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     308                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          155387                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              155387                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          310                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              310                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1250                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1250                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               310                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156637                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156947                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13632565000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13632565000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34846500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     34846500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    135164000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    135164000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34846500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13767729000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13802575500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34846500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13767729000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13802575500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155754                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155754                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          562                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          562                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155404                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155404                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          562                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            562                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1289                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1289                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999891                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999891                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.551601                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.551601                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.969744                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.969744                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.551601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.998041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.551601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.998041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87732.982811                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87732.982811                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 112408.064516                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112408.064516                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 108131.200000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108131.200000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 112408.064516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87895.765368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87944.181794                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 112408.064516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87895.765368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87944.181794                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155406                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155406                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155387                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         155387                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          310                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          310                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1250                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1250                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156637                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156947                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12078695000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12078695000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31746500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31746500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    122664000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    122664000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31746500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12201359000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12233105500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31746500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12201359000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12233105500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.551601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.551601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.969744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.969744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.551601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.998041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.551601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.998041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77732.982811                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77732.982811                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102408.064516                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102408.064516                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98131.200000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98131.200000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102408.064516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77895.765368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77944.181794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102408.064516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77895.765368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77944.181794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        313765                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156831                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1560                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155406                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1412                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            155387                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155388                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1560                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       470713                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       470713                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 470713                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19990656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19990656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19990656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156947                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156947    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156947                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           940106000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          825614500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       314515                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157256                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           96                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            720                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          720                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1853                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       311160                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          562                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2975                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155404                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155404                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           564                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1289                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       470085                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                471773                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        71936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19996608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20068544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157444                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9946112                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           314702                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002593                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.050855                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 313886     99.74%     99.74% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    816      0.26%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             314702                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          313573500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            846000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         235041000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
