
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2381705683500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               12177512                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 22338124                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               36105243                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   422.86                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5149342406                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9445825192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1128256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1128320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       991040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          991040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           17629                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               17630                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         15485                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              15485                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          73899952                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              73904144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        64912403                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             64912403                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        64912403                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         73899952                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            138816547                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       17630                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      15485                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     17630                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    15485                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1128320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  991360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1128320                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               991040                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15265424000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 17630                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                15485                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   16206                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    1413                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    552                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    871                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    898                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    900                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    899                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    900                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    898                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    900                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    950                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    900                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        23667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     89.573499                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    80.879678                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    51.408947                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-127        17146     72.45%     72.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-191         4708     19.89%     92.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-255         1118      4.72%     97.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-319          452      1.91%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-383          136      0.57%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-447           60      0.25%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-511           26      0.11%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-575           15      0.06%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-639            3      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-703            2      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        23667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          897                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      19.663322                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     19.554692                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      2.075668                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15                2      0.22%      0.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16               61      6.80%      7.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17               65      7.25%     14.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18              144     16.05%     30.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19              165     18.39%     48.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20              157     17.50%     66.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21              135     15.05%     81.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22               92     10.26%     91.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23               44      4.91%     96.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24               15      1.67%     98.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::25               14      1.56%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26                2      0.22%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::27                1      0.11%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           897                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          897                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.268673                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.237387                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.034154                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              340     37.90%     37.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               27      3.01%     40.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              479     53.40%     94.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               51      5.69%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           897                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    488475750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               819038250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   88150000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     27707.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                46457.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        73.90                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        64.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     73.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     64.91                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.13                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     6039                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3416                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 34.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                22.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     460982.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    28.55                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 81888660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 43532445                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                61318320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               39431880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1217601840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            976053180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             30978240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4423990590                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1225248000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         60086880                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8160475635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            534.505253                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          13043217625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     22366500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     515342000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    152949000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3190607000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1684674000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9701405625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 87079440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 46283820                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                64559880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               41425920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1217601840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            990634350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             30243360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4556486520                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1128755520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         38474820                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8201967840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            537.222962                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13013846375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     20023500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     515270000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF     83443000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2939503875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1716762500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9992341250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13268808                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13268808                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1395361                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11177995                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1058250                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            189093                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11177995                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2636834                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         8541161                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       935932                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    6972819                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2271576                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        84254                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        18364                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6540791                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2940                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   19                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7379702                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      56464941                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13268808                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3695084                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     21740050                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2793054                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         6                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1003                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        16723                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           46                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6537851                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               321068                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534057                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             4.044314                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.670860                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12087540     39.59%     39.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  530666      1.74%     41.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  876217      2.87%     44.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1336443      4.38%     48.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  594624      1.95%     50.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1183464      3.88%     54.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1003950      3.29%     57.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  491841      1.61%     59.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12429312     40.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534057                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.434549                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.849206                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5564734                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              8363932                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 13782524                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1426340                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1396527                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             110474362                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1396527                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6640500                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                7029027                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        243407                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 13912530                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1312066                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103225822                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                32664                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                692576                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   145                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                380878                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          116031151                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            255403634                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       139573511                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         20312729                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             47351004                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                68680153                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             32275                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         34596                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3211202                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9490194                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3171380                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           150837                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          158144                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  89386789                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             211487                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 70805049                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           677091                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       48793645                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     70362071                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        211378                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534057                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.318888                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.600579                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           13452693     44.06%     44.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2196174      7.19%     51.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2678547      8.77%     60.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2290134      7.50%     67.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2341661      7.67%     75.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2234901      7.32%     82.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2632042      8.62%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1615262      5.29%     96.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1092643      3.58%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534057                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1410796     92.29%     92.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     92.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     92.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                84292      5.51%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4562      0.30%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 2244      0.15%     98.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            26529      1.74%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             312      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          1948104      2.75%      2.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             53467015     75.51%     78.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2735      0.00%     78.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                70416      0.10%     78.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            5233862      7.39%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5047950      7.13%     92.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2475341      3.50%     96.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        2558619      3.61%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          1007      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              70805049                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.318840                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1528735                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.021591                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         158328357                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119316668                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     59374651                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           16021624                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          19075497                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      7078482                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              62368482                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                8017198                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          200291                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5877735                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3459                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          278                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1556830                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3234                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           20                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1396527                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                6252105                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                12024                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           89598276                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            50347                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9490194                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3171380                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             87588                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  6056                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4284                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           278                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        414823                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1337544                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1752367                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             67673645                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6935306                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          3131404                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     9206281                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6172053                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2270975                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.216287                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      67026185                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     66453133                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 49130016                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 87234554                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.176316                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.563194                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       48793932                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            109                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1396373                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23134257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.763819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.396040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10845868     46.88%     46.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2998305     12.96%     59.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3396660     14.68%     74.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1828823      7.91%     82.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       944588      4.08%     86.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       745740      3.22%     89.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       325762      1.41%     91.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       323166      1.40%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1725345      7.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23134257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            18555147                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              40804640                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5227009                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3612459                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4254887                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   3106715                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 38111953                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              361206                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       721858      1.77%      1.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        32459613     79.55%     81.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           1411      0.00%     81.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           45647      0.11%     81.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       2349102      5.76%     87.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     87.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     87.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     87.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     87.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     87.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     87.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     87.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     87.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     87.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     87.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     87.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     87.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     87.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     87.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     87.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     87.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     87.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     87.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     87.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     87.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2865315      7.02%     94.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1614550      3.96%     98.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       747144      1.83%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         40804640                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1725345                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   111007484                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  186739427                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             98                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            632                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   18555147                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     40804640                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.645618                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.645618                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.607674                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.607674                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                85975916                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               50753875                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 11150675                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 6702986                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 35526777                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                17743682                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               21753315                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            20001                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             461613                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            20001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.079496                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          738                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         33245153                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        33245153                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6663578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6663578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1605114                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1605114                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8268692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8268692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8268692                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8268692                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        27961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         9635                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9635                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        37596                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         37596                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        37596                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        37596                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2073611500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2073611500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    909134000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    909134000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2982745500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2982745500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2982745500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2982745500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6691539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6691539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1614749                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1614749                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8306288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8306288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8306288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8306288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005967                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005967                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74160.849040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74160.849040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94357.446809                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94357.446809                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79336.777849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79336.777849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79336.777849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79336.777849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           84                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           14                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15906                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            15906                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        17060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        17060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          518                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          518                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        17578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        17578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        17578                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        17578                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        20018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        20018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        20018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    919645000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    919645000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    858374500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    858374500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1778019500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1778019500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1778019500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1778019500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005646                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005646                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84363.361160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84363.361160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94150.981683                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94150.981683                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88821.036068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88821.036068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88821.036068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88821.036068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1144                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.783161                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             108374                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1144                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            94.732517                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.783161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1008                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         26152566                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        26152566                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6536667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6536667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6536667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6536667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6536667                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6536667                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1184                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1184                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1184                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1184                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15147000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15147000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15147000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15147000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15147000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15147000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6537851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6537851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6537851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6537851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6537851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6537851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12793.074324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12793.074324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12793.074324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12793.074324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12793.074324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12793.074324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1144                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1144                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13877500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13877500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13877500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13877500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13877500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13877500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11942.771084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11942.771084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11942.771084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11942.771084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11942.771084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11942.771084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     17632                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       19061                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     17632                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.081046                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       17.863172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        13.334979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16352.801850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.001090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.998096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1016                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        10073                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    355744                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   355744                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        15906                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            15906                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1144                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1144                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1143                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1143                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          2307                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2307                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 2372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1143                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                2372                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3515                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            9036                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                9036                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         8593                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            8593                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              17629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  17630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             17629                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 17630                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    843797000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     843797000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total        90000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    878576500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    878576500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1722373500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1722463500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1722373500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1722463500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        15906                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15906                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1144                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1144                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          9101                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              9101                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1144                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1144                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        10900                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         10900                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            20001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                21145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           20001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               21145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.294118                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.294118                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.992858                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.992858                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000874                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.000874                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.788349                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.788349                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.000874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.881406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.833767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.000874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.881406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.833767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93381.695440                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93381.695440                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        90000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102243.279413                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102243.279413                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97701.145839                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97700.709019                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97701.145839                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97700.709019                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                15485                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     15485                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9036                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           9036                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8593                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         8593                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         17629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             17630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        17629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            17630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       100500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       100500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    753437000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    753437000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        80000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    792646500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    792646500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1546083500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1546163500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1546083500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1546163500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.294118                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294118                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.992858                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992858                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.788349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.788349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000874                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.881406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.833767                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000874                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.881406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.833767                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20100                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20100                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83381.695440                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83381.695440                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        80000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92243.279413                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92243.279413                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87701.145839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87700.709019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87701.145839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87700.709019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         35257                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17629                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8594                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        15485                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2137                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9036                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9036                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          8594                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        52887                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        52887                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  52887                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2119360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2119360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2119360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             17635                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   17635    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               17635                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           101536500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           95739500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        42325                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        21147                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           78                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             10                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           10                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             12062                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        31391                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1144                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            6242                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              17                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             17                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9101                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9101                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1162                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        10900                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        60037                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 63487                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       146432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2298048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2444480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           17650                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    992192                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            38812                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002319                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.048099                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  38722     99.77%     99.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     90      0.23%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              38812                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           38212500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1743000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          30011996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
