
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2625983189500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               31815296                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 58859691                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               88873981                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2332536                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   171.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5465435423                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10111295343                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         640064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             640576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       191552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          191552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           10001                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               10009                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          2993                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               2993                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             33536                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          41923729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              41957265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        33536                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            33536                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        12546517                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             12546517                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        12546517                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            33536                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         41923729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             54503782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       10009                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       2993                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     10009                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     2993                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 640576                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  191872                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  640576                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               191552                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                80                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267944000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 10009                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 2993                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    9213                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     735                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         6692                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    124.394501                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   100.086015                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   131.043211                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3508     52.42%     52.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2877     42.99%     95.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          107      1.60%     97.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           39      0.58%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           25      0.37%     97.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           22      0.33%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           24      0.36%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           19      0.28%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           71      1.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         6692                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          170                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      58.717647                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     45.851968                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     60.520936                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-31            38     22.35%     22.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-47            70     41.18%     63.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-63            26     15.29%     78.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-79            14      8.24%     87.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-95             8      4.71%     91.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-111            1      0.59%     92.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::112-127            1      0.59%     92.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-143            2      1.18%     94.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::176-191            1      0.59%     94.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-207            1      0.59%     95.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::208-223            2      1.18%     96.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::240-255            2      1.18%     97.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::288-303            1      0.59%     98.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::352-367            1      0.59%     98.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::368-383            2      1.18%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           170                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          170                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.635294                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.611910                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.895050                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               36     21.18%     21.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.59%     21.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              123     72.35%     94.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                9      5.29%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.59%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           170                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    363973750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               551642500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   50045000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     36364.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                55114.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        41.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        12.57                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     41.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     12.55                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.13                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     3794                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2521                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 37.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1174276.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 25175640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 13381170                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                36221220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                7950060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1154908560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            375780480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             42703200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3884482740                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1493727840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        559948020                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7594310430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            497.421842                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14331199125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     56190000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     489608000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1923475750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3890204250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     389269000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8518597125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 22605240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 12014970                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                35243040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                7699500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1146303600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            365411610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             39998400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3875823300                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1477328640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        580246200                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7562781810                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            495.356740                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14351577375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     55422000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     485974000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2014781625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3847189250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     364534750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8499442500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                8491695                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          8491695                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           516699                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             6911663                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 475482                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             64338                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        6911663                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3260425                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         3651238                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       242827                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    4468824                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     748826                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       708005                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        12899                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6399884                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        29117                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    2                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           6654698                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      27846231                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    8491695                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3735907                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     23139049                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                1051764                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1258                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                6523                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       205311                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6370770                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               115218                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     24                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30532721                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.844689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.045082                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                20477444     67.07%     67.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  224572      0.74%     67.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 2564726      8.40%     76.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  320786      1.05%     77.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  699284      2.29%     79.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  516951      1.69%     81.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  488399      1.60%     82.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  229764      0.75%     83.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 5010795     16.41%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30532721                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.278100                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.911954                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 4128590                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             18370604                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  6214212                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1293433                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                525882                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              49302860                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                525882                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 4712151                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               14996158                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         89161                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  6686817                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              3522552                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              46938077                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               106665                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               3139073                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                 75867                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                 31460                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           55593066                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            126273948                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        65338378                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           541781                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             20872188                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                34720876                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              2170                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          2803                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  6793619                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             7218513                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1075861                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            48546                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           49451                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  43023344                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              60053                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 32478432                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            81674                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       25801705                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     48052684                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         60051                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30532721                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.063725                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.830346                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           19798243     64.84%     64.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            3084265     10.10%     74.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2069192      6.78%     81.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            1566800      5.13%     86.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1731237      5.67%     92.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             934235      3.06%     95.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             730461      2.39%     97.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             369810      1.21%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             248478      0.81%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30532721                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 168068     77.98%     77.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     77.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     77.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                17401      8.07%     86.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     86.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     86.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     86.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     86.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     86.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     86.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     86.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     86.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     86.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     86.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     86.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     86.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     86.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     86.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     86.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     86.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     86.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     86.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     86.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     86.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     86.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     86.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     86.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     86.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     86.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     86.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 24629     11.43%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 3579      1.66%     99.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             1786      0.83%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              70      0.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           188911      0.58%      0.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             26279123     80.91%     81.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               15934      0.05%     81.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv               169835      0.52%     82.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             214261      0.66%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             4762578     14.66%     97.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             804808      2.48%     99.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          42816      0.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           166      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              32478432                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.063657                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     215533                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006636                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          95250701                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         68460797                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     30499956                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             536092                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            424332                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       238758                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              32228553                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 276501                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           69412                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4541695                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2528                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       569337                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          598                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          873                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                525882                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               12258190                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               532982                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           43083397                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            29578                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              7218513                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1075861                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             21455                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 44787                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                11661                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        236597                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       385865                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              622462                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             31476569                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              4464564                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1001864                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     5213203                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 3547193                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    748639                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.030846                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      30950676                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     30738714                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 23071177                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 37968054                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.006682                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.607647                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       25803137                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              2                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           525865                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26757273                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.645869                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.522331                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20337779     76.01%     76.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2597804      9.71%     85.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       803274      3.00%     88.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1677192      6.27%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       408381      1.53%     96.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       266770      1.00%     97.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        93362      0.35%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        63467      0.24%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       509244      1.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26757273                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             8670058                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              17281695                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       3183344                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      2676820                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   2598665                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    204094                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 17075936                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               89458                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        61395      0.36%      0.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        13710176     79.33%     79.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           3578      0.02%     79.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv          148974      0.86%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        174228      1.01%     81.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2646954     15.32%     96.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        506524      2.93%     99.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        29866      0.17%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         17281695                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               509244                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    69332861                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   89970547                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            512                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           1968                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    8670058                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     17281695                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              3.521855                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        3.521855                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.283941                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.283941                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                36216980                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               26615402                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   417586                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  208843                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 18461247                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 9007281                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               14973018                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1026049                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            3153138                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1026049                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             3.073087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          618                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          397                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         20466005                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        20466005                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      2587018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2587018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       500992                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        500992                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      3088010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         3088010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      3088010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        3088010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      1766447                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1766447                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         5532                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5532                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1771979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1771979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1771979                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1771979                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  24623436000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24623436000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    531133500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    531133500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  25154569500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25154569500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  25154569500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25154569500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4353465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4353465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       506524                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       506524                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      4859989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4859989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      4859989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4859989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.405757                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.405757                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010921                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010921                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.364606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.364606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.364606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.364606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13939.527198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13939.527198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96011.117137                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96011.117137                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14195.749216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14195.749216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14195.749216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14195.749216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         6801                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              520                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    13.078846                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1012534                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          1012534                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       745833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       745833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           95                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           95                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       745928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       745928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       745928                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       745928                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1020614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1020614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1026051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1026051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1026051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1026051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13027868500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13027868500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    517543500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    517543500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13545412000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13545412000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13545412000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13545412000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.234437                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234437                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010734                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010734                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.211122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.211122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.211122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.211122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12764.736227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12764.736227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95189.166820                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95189.166820                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13201.499731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13201.499731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13201.499731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13201.499731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements               11                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.354027                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              16890                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs               11                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          1535.454545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.354027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1014                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         25483092                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        25483092                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6370758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6370758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6370758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6370758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6370758                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6370758                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           12                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total            12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst           12                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total           12                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1855000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1855000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1855000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      1855000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1855000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      1855000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6370770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6370770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6370770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6370770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6370770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6370770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 154583.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154583.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 154583.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154583.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 154583.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154583.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks           11                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               11                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1843000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1843000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1843000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1843000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1843000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1843000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 153583.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153583.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 153583.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153583.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 153583.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153583.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu3.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     10017                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        49152                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       13804                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     10017                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.378057                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       26.725956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        18.898992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     49106.375053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         49152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          547                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5797                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        42743                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  24632529                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 24632529                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1012534                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1012534                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           11                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               11                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               601                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   601                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst              4                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  4                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       1015447                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1015447                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                    4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data              1016048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1016052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                   4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data             1016048                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1016052                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            4836                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                4836                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            8                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                8                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         5165                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5165                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              10001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  10009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 8                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             10001                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 10009                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    502806000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     502806000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1780500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      1780500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    559422500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    559422500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1780500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1062228500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1064009000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1780500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1062228500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1064009000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1012534                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1012534                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           11                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           11                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          5437                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              5437                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst           12                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total             12                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1020612                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1020612                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst               12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          1026049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1026061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst              12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         1026049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1026061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.889461                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.889461                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005061                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.005061                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.009747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.009755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.009747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.009755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103971.464020                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103971.464020                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 222562.500000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 222562.500000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 108310.261375                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108310.261375                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 222562.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106212.228777                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106305.225297                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 222562.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106212.228777                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106305.225297                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 2993                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      2993                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4836                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           4836                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            8                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5165                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         5165                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         10001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             10009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            10009                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    454446000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    454446000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1700500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1700500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    507772500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    507772500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1700500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    962218500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    963919000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1700500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    962218500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    963919000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.889461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.889461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.009747                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.009755                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.009747                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.009755                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93971.464020                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93971.464020                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 212562.500000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212562.500000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98310.261375                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98310.261375                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 212562.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96212.228777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96305.225297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 212562.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96212.228777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96305.225297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         20021                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        10012                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5173                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2993                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             7019                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              4836                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             4836                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5173                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        30030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        30030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  30030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       832128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       832128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  832128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             10009                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   10009    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               10009                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy            34487500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           54204000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      2052121                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1026060                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          459                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              5                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            5                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1020624                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1015527                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           11                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           20539                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             5437                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            5437                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            12                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1020612                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           35                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3078147                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               3078182                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    130469312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              130470784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           10017                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    191552                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          1036078                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000447                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.021135                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                1035615     99.96%     99.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    463      0.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            1036078                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2038605500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization             13.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             18499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1539073500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization            10.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
