
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2564913813000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               39583813                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 73186982                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              111466339                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2332536                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   136.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5421722262                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10024288193                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          22656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        8459904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            8482560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        22656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         22656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      2065536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         2065536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             354                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          132186                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              132540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         32274                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              32274                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1483952                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         554117594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             555601546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1483952                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1483952                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       135291114                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            135291114                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       135291114                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1483952                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        554117594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            690892660                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      132540                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      32274                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    132540                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    32274                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                8481152                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    1408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 2065920                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 8482560                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              2065536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              8363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              8131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              8124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              8260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              8448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              8212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              8303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              8519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              8520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              8574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             8408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             8180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             8216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             8093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             8058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             8109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              2080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              2003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              2033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              2035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              2060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              2056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              2171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              2086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              2048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             2012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267386500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                132540                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                32274                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  116719                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   15678                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   1825                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   2016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   2017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   2016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   2019                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   2020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   2018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   2017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   2023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   2018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   2027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   2017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   2026                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   2021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   2024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   2160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        16763                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    629.191434                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   448.112771                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   381.705075                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2279     13.60%     13.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1421      8.48%     22.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1786     10.65%     32.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1243      7.42%     40.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1002      5.98%     46.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1033      6.16%     52.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          949      5.66%     57.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          427      2.55%     60.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         6623     39.51%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        16763                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2017                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      66.488349                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     21.308550                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    411.677793                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          1982     98.26%     98.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            7      0.35%     98.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            2      0.10%     98.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.05%     98.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            3      0.15%     98.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      0.05%     98.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            1      0.05%     99.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            2      0.10%     99.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            2      0.10%     99.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            2      0.10%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            3      0.15%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            3      0.15%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.05%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      0.05%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            4      0.20%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          2017                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2017                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.003966                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.003713                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.094408                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             2013     99.80%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.05%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                2      0.10%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          2017                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   1863867250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              4348579750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  662590000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     14065.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                32815.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       555.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       135.32                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    555.60                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    135.29                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     4.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.73                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   118792                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   29244                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 89.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      92634.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    89.83                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 63310380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 33654060                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               473810400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               85597560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1044888000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1094959740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             57167040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3674389290                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       663705120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        772463700                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7964056890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            521.639967                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12691574875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     57306750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     442762000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2930722250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1728334500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2050677750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8057540875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 56370300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 29961525                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               472368120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               82904040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         913969680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1059940080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             45463200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3404690370                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       408521280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1076452620                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7550685945                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            494.564469                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12824332875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     41598000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     387136000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   4294128375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1063863000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2014273500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7466345250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                6798508                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          6798508                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           156799                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             4072547                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  97294                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              4956                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        4072547                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3002651                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1069896                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        53920                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    3437691                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1638745                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         6633                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1432                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1707805                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           77                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1785690                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      26405930                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    6798508                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3099945                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28567575                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 313890                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  32                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          258                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1707756                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                19093                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30510500                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.621991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.949055                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                22367241     73.31%     73.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  572782      1.88%     75.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  254729      0.83%     76.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  392634      1.29%     77.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1131759      3.71%     81.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  914932      3.00%     84.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  350173      1.15%     85.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  185128      0.61%     85.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 4341122     14.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30510500                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.222649                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.864785                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1809481                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             21454824                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  6240547                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               848703                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                156945                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              47800425                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                156945                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 2170540                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                7192573                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          4583                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  6674182                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             14311677                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              46924828                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                18448                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1869367                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents               9052177                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               4767260                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           61059963                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            116007163                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        64871928                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           268554                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             50199929                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                10860165                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               174                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           187                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3803391                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             3701953                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1694939                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           110290                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           87009                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  45217278                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               2784                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 42562002                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           586617                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        6605241                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9294412                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          2520                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30510500                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.394995                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.384011                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           20877641     68.43%     68.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1410541      4.62%     73.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1190729      3.90%     76.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             818461      2.68%     79.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1002942      3.29%     82.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             877370      2.88%     85.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2578600      8.45%     94.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1589326      5.21%     99.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             164890      0.54%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30510500                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                2762262     99.47%     99.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     99.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     99.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  362      0.01%     99.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     99.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     99.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     99.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     99.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     99.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     99.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     99.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     99.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     99.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     99.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     99.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     99.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     99.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     99.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     99.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     99.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     99.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     99.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     99.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     99.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     99.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     99.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     99.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     99.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     99.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     99.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  7275      0.26%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  771      0.03%     99.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                9      0.00%     99.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite            6238      0.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            66432      0.16%      0.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             37298609     87.63%     87.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               12361      0.03%     87.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 2555      0.01%     87.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              21745      0.05%     87.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     87.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     87.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     87.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     87.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     87.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     87.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     87.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     87.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     87.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     87.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     87.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     87.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     87.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     87.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     87.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     87.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     87.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     87.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     87.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     87.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     87.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     87.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     87.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     87.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     87.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     87.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             3507368      8.24%     96.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1434588      3.37%     99.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2292      0.01%     99.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        216052      0.51%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              42562002                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.393890                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    2776917                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.065244                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         118505770                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         51572336                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     41915889                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             492268                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            253124                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       241201                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              45023511                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 248976                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          141545                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       510491                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          485                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          165                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       118205                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          169                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          220                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                156945                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                1894129                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              4581246                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           45220062                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5476                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              3701953                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1694939                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1040                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  3097                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              4572705                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           165                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         37281                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       144069                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              181350                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             42272545                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              3436137                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           289457                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     5074090                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 5570810                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1637953                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.384411                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      42215215                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     42157090                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 32601554                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 50709044                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.380629                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.642914                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        6606589                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            264                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           156827                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29602217                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.304460                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.554773                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21224230     71.70%     71.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1825717      6.17%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       435361      1.47%     79.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1612513      5.45%     84.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       587085      1.98%     86.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       669584      2.26%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       235518      0.80%     89.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       126101      0.43%     90.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2886108      9.75%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29602217                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            20766479                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              38614917                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       4768217                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3191481                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                        160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   5280679                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    238180                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 38550825                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               69547                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        42491      0.11%      0.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        33770195     87.45%     87.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          12272      0.03%     87.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            1702      0.00%     87.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         20040      0.05%     87.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     87.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     87.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     87.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     87.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     87.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     87.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     87.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     87.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     87.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     87.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     87.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     87.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     87.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     87.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     87.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     87.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     87.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     87.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     87.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     87.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        3189831      8.26%     95.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1362297      3.53%     99.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1650      0.00%     99.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       214439      0.56%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         38614917                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              2886108                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    71937615                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   91356924                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            188                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          24189                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   20766479                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     38614917                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.470384                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.470384                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.680095                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.680095                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                57715111                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               34929520                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   259300                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   24592                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 28352562                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                20043884                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               16522564                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           138965                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            5581412                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           138965                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            40.164156                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          910                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         19611125                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        19611125                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      3192797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        3192797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1521132                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1521132                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      4713929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         4713929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      4713929                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        4713929                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        97769                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        97769                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        56342                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        56342                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       154111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        154111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       154111                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       154111                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7789998000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7789998000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4547981997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4547981997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12337979997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12337979997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12337979997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12337979997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3290566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3290566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1577474                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1577474                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      4868040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4868040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      4868040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4868040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035717                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.035717                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031658                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.031658                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031658                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031658                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79677.586965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79677.586965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80720.989617                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80720.989617                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80059.048329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80059.048329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80059.048329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80059.048329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2931                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               86                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    34.081395                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        56142                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            56142                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        15142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        15145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        15145                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15145                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        82627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        56339                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        56339                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       138966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       138966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       138966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       138966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6847829500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6847829500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4490951999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4490951999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11338781499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11338781499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11338781499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11338781499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025110                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025110                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035715                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035715                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.028547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.028547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82876.414489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82876.414489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79713.022933                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79713.022933                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81593.925845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81593.925845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81593.925845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81593.925845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              412                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1018.819061                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          130249833                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              412                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         316140.371359                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1018.819061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.994940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          328                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          691                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          6831438                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         6831438                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1707253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1707253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1707253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1707253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1707253                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1707253                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          503                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          503                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42322000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     42322000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42322000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     42322000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42322000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     42322000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1707756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1707756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1707756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1707756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1707756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1707756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84139.165010                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84139.165010                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84139.165010                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84139.165010                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84139.165010                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84139.165010                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          412                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              412                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           89                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           89                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           89                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           89                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           89                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           89                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35469000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35469000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35469000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     35469000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35469000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     35469000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85673.913043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85673.913043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85673.913043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85673.913043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85673.913043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85673.913043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu3.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    132890                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        49152                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      160395                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    132890                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.206976                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       91.893603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        87.547268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     48972.559129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.001870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.996349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         49152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1012                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9812                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        38214                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3477914                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3477914                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        56142                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            56142                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          412                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              412                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data              4568                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  4568                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst             57                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 57                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          2211                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2211                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                   57                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 6779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     6836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                  57                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                6779                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    6836                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           51770                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               51770                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          354                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              354                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        80416                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           80416                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             132186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 132540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               354                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            132186                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                132540                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4358296000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    4358296000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34233000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     34233000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6700373000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   6700373000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34233000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11058669000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      11092902000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34233000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11058669000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     11092902000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        56142                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        56142                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          412                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          412                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         56338                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             56338                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          411                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            411                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        82627                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         82627                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           138965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               139376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          138965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              139376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.918918                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.918918                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.861314                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.861314                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.973241                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.973241                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.861314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.951218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.950953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.861314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.951218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.950953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84185.744640                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84185.744640                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96703.389831                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96703.389831                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83321.391265                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83321.391265                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96703.389831                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83659.911034                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83694.748755                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96703.389831                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83659.911034                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83694.748755                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                32274                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     32274                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        51770                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          51770                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          354                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          354                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        80416                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        80416                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        132186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            132540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       132186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           132540                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3840606000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3840606000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30693000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30693000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5896203000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5896203000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30693000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9736809000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9767502000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30693000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9736809000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9767502000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.918918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.918918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.861314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.973241                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.973241                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.861314                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.951218                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.950953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.861314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.951218                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.950953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74185.937802                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74185.937802                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 86703.389831                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86703.389831                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73321.266912                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73321.266912                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 86703.389831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73659.911034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73694.748755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 86703.389831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73659.911034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73694.748755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        265092                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       132552                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              80771                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        32274                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           100278                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             51770                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            51769                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         80770                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       397632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       397632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 397632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     10548096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     10548096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                10548096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            132540                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  132540    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              132540                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy           398165000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          700755250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       278757                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       139374                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           52                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            351                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          351                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             83042                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        88416                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          412                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          183439                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            56338                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           56337                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           414                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        82627                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1237                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       416897                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                418134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        52672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     12486848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               12539520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          132893                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   2065728                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           272270                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001469                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.038301                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 271870     99.85%     99.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    400      0.15%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             272270                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          195932500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            621000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         208448000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
