
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               534357044375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                3336332                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  6305002                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               42337920                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2303064                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   360.61                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1203104197                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2273626680                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         244928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             244928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       236800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          236800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            3827                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3827                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3700                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3700                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16042607                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16042607                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        15510229                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             15510229                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        15510229                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16042607                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             31552836                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3826                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3700                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3826                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3700                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 244928                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  236736                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  244864                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               236800                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15264218000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3826                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3700                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3821                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4521                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    106.525105                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    78.501567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   149.609454                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3910     86.49%     86.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          263      5.82%     92.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          109      2.41%     94.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           54      1.19%     95.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           54      1.19%     97.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           37      0.82%     97.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           28      0.62%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           36      0.80%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           30      0.66%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4521                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          208                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      18.399038                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     18.315430                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.877762                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16               22     10.58%     10.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17                2      0.96%     11.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18              145     69.71%     81.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19               15      7.21%     88.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20                6      2.88%     91.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21                3      1.44%     92.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22                3      1.44%     94.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23                2      0.96%     95.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24                2      0.96%     96.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::25                5      2.40%     98.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26                3      1.44%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           208                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          208                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.783654                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.772266                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.618805                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               22     10.58%     10.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.48%     11.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              185     88.94%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           208                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    335510000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               407266250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   19135000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     87692.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5001.31                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               106447.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        15.51                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     15.51                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.67                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       44                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2960                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                80.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2028197.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    39.91                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 19877760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 10561485                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                16828980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               11734560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1299963600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            544517010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             52028640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3344008170                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      2259184320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        319405800                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7878803955                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            516.055962                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          13932540750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     83739750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     551532000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    719555000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5883230250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     695947750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7333339375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 12409320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  6595710                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                10495800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                7574220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1075620000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            419817540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             43946880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2428778550                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2103764160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        958961580                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7069071180                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            463.019050                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14228745500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     73132750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     456708750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   3424849375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5478594750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     507845250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5326213250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13249820                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13249820                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1109764                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11036063                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 993115                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            214604                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11036063                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3534456                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7501607                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       801343                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    9880409                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7409995                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       141610                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        51281                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    8936725                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        14763                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   23                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9669067                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59706184                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13249820                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4527571                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19671139                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2237088                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                8021                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        67653                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8921962                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               280396                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534424                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.742833                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.582097                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12348128     40.44%     40.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  866245      2.84%     43.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1237135      4.05%     47.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1409477      4.62%     51.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1114942      3.65%     55.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1098931      3.60%     59.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1022785      3.35%     62.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  869077      2.85%     65.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10567704     34.61%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534424                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.433927                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.955356                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8554451                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4317689                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15581997                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               961743                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1118544                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108593401                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1118544                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9332899                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3344097                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         22105                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15698494                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1018285                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103391623                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1058                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 70012                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    61                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                895174                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          109897321                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            260086675                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       155185141                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3232756                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             67260553                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                42636719                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1183                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1526                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   861283                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11831149                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8861444                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           487859                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          195227                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  92828385                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              67659                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 82497201                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           461994                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       29955699                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43577320                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         67636                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534424                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.701777                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.530978                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           10009521     32.78%     32.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2808857      9.20%     41.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3048506      9.98%     51.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3051641      9.99%     61.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3103711     10.16%     72.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2762791      9.05%     81.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3071618     10.06%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1644330      5.39%     96.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1033449      3.38%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534424                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 802969     73.52%     73.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                14037      1.29%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                101351      9.28%     84.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                84185      7.71%     91.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              582      0.05%     91.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           89059      8.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           510862      0.62%      0.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             62472063     75.73%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               74291      0.09%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                85366      0.10%     76.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1167122      1.41%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10027122     12.15%     90.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7473130      9.06%     99.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         401889      0.49%     99.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        285356      0.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              82497201                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.701754                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1092183                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013239                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         193117957                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119680818                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     76845075                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3965043                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3172020                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1795349                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              81077833                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                2000689                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1207183                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4297601                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        11125                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2866                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2692082                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          123                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1118544                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3396043                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 5747                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           92896044                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            18246                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11831149                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8861444                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             23796                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   125                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 5576                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2866                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        307872                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1169877                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1477749                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             79827187                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9873296                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2670011                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17275471                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8624535                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7402175                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.614312                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      79269585                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     78640424                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 54944300                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 85967298                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.575445                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.639130                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       29956298                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             23                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1117866                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26023719                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.418575                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.728912                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9508983     36.54%     36.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3741007     14.38%     50.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2593573      9.97%     60.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3496979     13.44%     74.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1126164      4.33%     78.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1128155      4.34%     82.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       795997      3.06%     86.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       463077      1.78%     87.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3169784     12.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26023719                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            33231404                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              62940314                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      13702904                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7533545                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7324103                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1281534                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 61977646                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              455123                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       255228      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        47886135     76.08%     76.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          53395      0.08%     76.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           74592      0.12%     76.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        968060      1.54%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7262715     11.54%     89.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6169359      9.80%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       270830      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         62940314                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3169784                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   115750547                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  190392409                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             26                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            264                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   33231404                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     62940314                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.918850                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.918850                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.088316                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.088316                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               115151349                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               61642806                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2525880                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1248383                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 39972380                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                20968243                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35090953                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5219                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             488876                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5219                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            93.672351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          553                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         58821947                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        58821947                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8527041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8527041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6169193                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6169193                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     14696234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        14696234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     14696234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       14696234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4668                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4668                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3280                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3280                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         7948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          7948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         7948                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         7948                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    156316000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    156316000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    549027500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    549027500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    705343500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    705343500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    705343500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    705343500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8531709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8531709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6172473                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6172473                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     14704182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14704182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     14704182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14704182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33486.718081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33486.718081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 167386.432927                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167386.432927                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88744.778561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88744.778561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88744.778561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88744.778561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         4162                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             4162                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2729                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2729                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     85814000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     85814000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    540156000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    540156000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    625970000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    625970000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    625970000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    625970000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000525                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000525                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43318.525997                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43318.525997                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 166817.788758                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166817.788758                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 119940.601648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119940.601648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 119940.601648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119940.601648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              613                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.000005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             228175                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              613                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           372.226754                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.000005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1002                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35688462                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35688462                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8921318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8921318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8921318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8921318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8921318                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8921318                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          644                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          644                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          644                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          644                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8144500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8144500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8144500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8144500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8144500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8144500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8921962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8921962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8921962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8921962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8921962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8921962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12646.739130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12646.739130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12646.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12646.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12646.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12646.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          613                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              613                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7360000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7360000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7360000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7360000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7360000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7360000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000069                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000069                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11986.970684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11986.970684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11986.970684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11986.970684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11986.970684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11986.970684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu3.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      3828                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        49152                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        4805                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3828                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.255225                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       27.684692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst               62                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     49062.315308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.998175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         49152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2284                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        46624                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    143676                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   143676                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4162                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             4162                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          613                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              613                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            613                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                613                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1385                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1385                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 613                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1392                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2005                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3231                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3231                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          595                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             595                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               3826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              3826                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3826                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    535302000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     535302000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     68137500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     68137500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    603439500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        603439500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    603439500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       603439500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4162                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4162                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          613                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          613                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          613                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            613                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1980                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1980                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 5831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                5831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997838                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.997838                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.300505                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.300505                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.733231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.656148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.733231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.656148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 165676.880223                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165676.880223                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 114516.806723                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114516.806723                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 157720.726607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157720.726607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 157720.726607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157720.726607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3700                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3700                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3231                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3231                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          595                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          595                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          3826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3826                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3826                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    502982000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    502982000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     62187500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62187500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    565169500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    565169500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    565169500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    565169500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.300505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.733231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.656148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.733231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.656148                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 155673.785206                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155673.785206                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104516.806723                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104516.806723                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 147718.112912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 147718.112912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 147718.112912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 147718.112912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7653                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3827                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                595                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3700                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              127                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3231                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3232                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           595                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        11480                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        11480                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11480                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       481728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       481728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  481728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3826                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3826    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3826                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy            23435500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21060250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        11665                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         5832                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           15                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              1                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2594                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7862                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          613                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1185                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3238                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3239                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           614                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1980                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1840                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        15658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 17498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        78464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       600384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 678848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            3829                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    236864                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples             9661                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001656                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.040664                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                   9645     99.83%     99.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     16      0.17%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total               9661                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           10607500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            921000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           7829000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
