
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10381794005000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               58851153                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                109874614                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              146265157                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   104.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6142956536                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11468850875                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          41152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       13373312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           13414464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        41152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         41152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      7845440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         7845440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             643                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          208958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              209601                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        122585                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             122585                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           2695426                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         875942265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             878637692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      2695426                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          2695426                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       513870647                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            513870647                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       513870647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          2695426                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        875942265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1392508338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      209602                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     122585                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    209602                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   122585                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               13414144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 7845504                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                13414528                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              7845440                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      6                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             13248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             13271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             13378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             13269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             13071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             13052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            13253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            13026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            13059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            13244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            13175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              7893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              7939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              7916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              7958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              7584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              7301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              7462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              7343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              7344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              7464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             7680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             7544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             7490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             7700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             8061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             7907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267293000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                209602                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               122585                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  158724                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   17768                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   17153                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   15930                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   7563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   7600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   7633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   7655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   7660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   7662                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   7672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   7669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   7663                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   7676                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   7678                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   7676                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   7700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   7694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   7674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   7669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27705                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    767.369356                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   609.210414                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   353.490517                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1875      6.77%      6.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2227      8.04%     14.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1748      6.31%     21.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1083      3.91%     25.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1373      4.96%     29.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          979      3.53%     33.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1356      4.89%     38.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1246      4.50%     42.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        15818     57.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27705                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7657                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      36.887946                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.271241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1762.807062                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191         7656     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::147456-155647            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          7657                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7657                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.009664                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.008737                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.185444                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             7633     99.69%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                3      0.04%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                4      0.05%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                8      0.10%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                7      0.09%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          7657                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   3258138750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7188063750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1047980000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15544.85                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34294.85                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       878.62                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       513.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    878.64                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    513.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    4.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.25                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   192976                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  111503                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 92.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      45959.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.66                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 99031800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52640445                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               749385840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              320487120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         795344160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1553925450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             68390880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2100302370                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       414908160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1500121440                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7654537665                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            501.366682                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11681531625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     59052000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     337238000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   5995097250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1080477750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3189522500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4605956625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 98767620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 52500030                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               747129600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              319411800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         790427040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1543971540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             66779040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2094183990                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       400945440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1519419120                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7633535220                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            499.991037                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11669844875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     52912250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     335164000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6070898500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1044105500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3171728500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4592535375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1541900                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1541900                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6653                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1507831                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  21106                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               778                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1507831                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1287650                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          220181                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4341                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    1218457                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1211703                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         1730                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2367                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                     127994                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          219                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   44                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles            155342                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       6703307                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1541900                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1308756                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30320528                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  13850                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 138                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          827                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           11                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                   127852                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2050                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30483771                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.445670                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.777041                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28511000     93.53%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   41779      0.14%     93.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   54194      0.18%     93.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  243028      0.80%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   43370      0.14%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   30545      0.10%     94.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   31652      0.10%     94.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   35278      0.12%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1492925      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30483771                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.050497                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.219531                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  503005                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28250874                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   841375                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               881592                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6925                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              13522162                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6925                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  826879                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                1242240                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          9769                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1396605                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             27001353                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              13489812                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1183                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 78843                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents               2090921                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              24587794                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           17351856                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             30002384                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        16489907                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           398124                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             17065837                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  286147                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               114                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           117                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  5066972                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              929253                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1219277                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            25406                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           19857                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  13430883                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                616                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 13662544                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1842                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         183919                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       265085                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           542                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30483771                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.448191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.372416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           26774677     87.83%     87.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             619985      2.03%     89.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             617992      2.03%     91.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             466777      1.53%     93.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             484652      1.59%     95.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1041720      3.42%     98.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             165329      0.54%     98.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             234050      0.77%     99.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              78589      0.26%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30483771                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  86879     59.38%     59.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     59.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     59.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 2893      1.98%     61.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     61.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     61.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     61.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     61.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     61.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     61.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     61.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     61.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     61.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     61.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     61.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     61.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     61.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     61.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     61.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     61.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     61.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     61.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     61.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     61.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     61.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     61.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     61.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     61.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     61.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     61.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 50988     34.85%     96.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 2623      1.79%     98.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2744      1.88%     99.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             189      0.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            16699      0.12%      0.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             11063836     80.98%     81.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  87      0.00%     81.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                37341      0.27%     81.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             112727      0.83%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1167387      8.54%     90.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1141893      8.36%     99.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          51419      0.38%     99.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         71155      0.52%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              13662544                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.447443                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     146316                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.010709                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          57444741                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         13340902                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13090707                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             512281                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            274700                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       251260                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              13533145                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 259016                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           22217                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24912                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           51                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          195                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12383                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           24                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       297640                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6925                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                 299638                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               908307                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           13431499                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              725                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               929253                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1219277                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               275                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  2802                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               904102                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           195                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2134                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6183                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                8317                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             13646857                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1215811                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            15692                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     2427474                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1514189                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1211663                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.446930                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      13345077                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     13341967                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 10013733                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 14761466                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.436945                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.678370                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         184211                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             74                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6777                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30454989                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.434992                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.456710                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27153072     89.16%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       477434      1.57%     90.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       328407      1.08%     91.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1066966      3.50%     95.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       129047      0.42%     95.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       605733      1.99%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        76793      0.25%     97.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        33367      0.11%     98.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       584170      1.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30454989                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             6514843                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              13247686                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       2111246                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       904349                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         20                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1506913                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    247428                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 13113694                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               18414                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        14843      0.11%      0.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        10973593     82.83%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             67      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           37258      0.28%     83.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        110679      0.84%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         855204      6.46%     90.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1136285      8.58%     99.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        49145      0.37%     99.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        70612      0.53%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         13247686                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               584170                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    43302716                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   26892912                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            402                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          50918                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    6514843                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     13247686                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              4.686942                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        4.686942                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.213359                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.213359                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                16855598                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               10512327                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   377064                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  174381                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  7839150                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 6490839                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                5428856                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           209142                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           12538951                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           209142                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            59.954246                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          8629262                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         8629262                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       757801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         757801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1068168                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1068168                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1825969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1825969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1825969                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1825969                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       140334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       140334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       138727                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       138727                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       279061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        279061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       279061                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       279061                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10432582500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10432582500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12375704000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  12375704000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  22808286500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22808286500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  22808286500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22808286500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       898135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       898135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1206895                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1206895                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      2105030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2105030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      2105030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2105030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.156250                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.156250                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.114945                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.114945                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.132569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.132569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.132569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.132569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74341.089829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74341.089829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89209.050870                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89209.050870                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81732.261047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81732.261047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81732.261047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81732.261047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2542243                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          208                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            67442                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    37.695249                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          104                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       138043                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           138043                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        69904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        69904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        69910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        69910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        69910                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        69910                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        70430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        70430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       138721                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       138721                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       209151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       209151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       209151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       209151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5845114000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5845114000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12236701500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12236701500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18081815500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18081815500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18081815500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18081815500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.078418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.114940                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.114940                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099358                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099358                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099358                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099358                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82991.821667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82991.821667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88210.880112                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88210.880112                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86453.402087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86453.402087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86453.402087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86453.402087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              842                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.788203                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          442667667                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              842                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         525733.571259                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1020.788203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          409                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          613                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           512261                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          512261                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       126750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         126750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       126750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          126750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       126750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         126750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1102                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1102                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1102                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1102                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     87886500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87886500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     87886500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87886500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     87886500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87886500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       127852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       127852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       127852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       127852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       127852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.008619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.008619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.008619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79751.814882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79751.814882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79751.814882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79751.814882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79751.814882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79751.814882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          436                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    43.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          842                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              842                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          249                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          249                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          853                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          853                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     70178500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70178500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     70178500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70178500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     70178500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70178500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.006672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.006672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.006672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 82272.567409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82272.567409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 82272.567409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82272.567409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 82272.567409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82272.567409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    210358                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      209595                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    210358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996373                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       71.208216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        59.801136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16252.990648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.004346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.003650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.992004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          954                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9549                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5774                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3569942                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3569942                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       138043                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           138043                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          838                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              838                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                56                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    56                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            206                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                206                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data           128                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               128                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                  184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 206                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                 184                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     390                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          138657                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              138657                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          643                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              643                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        70302                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           70302                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             208959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 209602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               643                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            208959                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                209602                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        88500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        88500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12027854000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   12027854000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     66698500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     66698500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5738051000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5738051000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     66698500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17765905000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17832603500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     66698500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17765905000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17832603500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       138043                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       138043                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          838                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          838                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        138713                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            138713                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          849                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            849                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        70430                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         70430                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           209143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               209992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          209143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              209992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.375000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999596                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999596                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.757362                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.757362                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998183                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998183                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.757362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.998143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.757362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.998143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        29500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        29500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86745.378885                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86745.378885                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103730.171073                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103730.171073                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81620.025035                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81620.025035                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103730.171073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85021.008906                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85078.403355                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103730.171073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85021.008906                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85078.403355                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               122585                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    122585                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            8                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             8                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             3                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       138657                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         138657                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          643                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          643                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        70302                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        70302                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        208959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            209602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          643                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       208959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           209602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        58500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        58500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10641294000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10641294000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     60268500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60268500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5035031000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5035031000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     60268500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15676325000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15736593500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     60268500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15676325000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15736593500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.757362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.757362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.757362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.998143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.757362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.998143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76745.451005                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76745.451005                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 93730.171073                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93730.171073                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71620.025035                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71620.025035                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 93730.171073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75021.056762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75078.451064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 93730.171073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75021.056762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75078.451064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        419189                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       209613                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              70945                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       122585                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            86999                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            138657                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           138656                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         70945                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       628790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       628790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 628790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     21259904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     21259904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                21259904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            209605                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  209605    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              209605                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           910400000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1090601000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       419988                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       209982                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          103                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            842                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          842                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             71283                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       260628                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          842                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          158872                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               8                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              8                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           138713                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          138712                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           853                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        70430                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       627443                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                629987                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       108224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     22219840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               22328064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          210362                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   7845696                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           420362                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002239                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.047260                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 419421     99.78%     99.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    941      0.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             420362                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          348879000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1279500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         313717000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
