
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3435152428125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              107889658                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                199848520                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              296599282                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    51.47                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5553580513                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10287130908                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12186688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12186688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        50496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           50496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          190417                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              190417                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           789                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                789                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         798219252                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             798219252                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         3307451                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              3307451                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         3307451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        798219252                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            801526703                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      190416                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        789                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    190416                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      789                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12179968                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    6656                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   50432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12186624                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                50496                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    104                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267292500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                190416                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  789                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  143074                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43813                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      71                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97249                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    125.767052                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   107.857591                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.878248                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        44259     45.51%     45.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        42470     43.67%     89.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9068      9.32%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1290      1.33%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          123      0.13%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           12      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           10      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           13      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97249                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           49                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    3899.448980                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   3760.616868                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1032.864404                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            3      6.12%      6.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            3      6.12%     12.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            1      2.04%     14.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            3      6.12%     20.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            5     10.20%     30.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            7     14.29%     44.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            2      4.08%     48.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            6     12.24%     61.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      2.04%     63.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            3      6.12%     69.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            4      8.16%     77.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            7     14.29%     91.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      2.04%     93.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      2.04%     95.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            1      2.04%     97.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            1      2.04%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            49                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           49                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.081633                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.077105                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.399830                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               47     95.92%     95.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                2      4.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            49                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4673415250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8241765250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  951560000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24556.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43306.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       797.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         3.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    798.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      3.31                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    93179                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     675                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 48.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      79847.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                343291200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                182471190                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               667882740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                2777040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1585061700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24573600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5225860890                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       102572640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9339800040                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            611.750149                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11728164500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9615500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    267287750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3019666250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11460914625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                351052380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                186588765                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               690952080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1336320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1626640920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24112800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5191398690                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        97040160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9374431155                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.018462                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11635966750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9451000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    253055000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3111089500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11383888625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                2002490                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          2002490                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            97435                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1681239                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  73352                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             10878                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1681239                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            819109                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          862130                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        38940                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     935524                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      99502                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       164150                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1689                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1581717                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         6744                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1627720                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       6080130                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    2002490                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            892461                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28687838                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 199004                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2624                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1518                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        55739                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1574973                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                14396                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      6                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30474941                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.402219                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.597621                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28178011     92.46%     92.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   43626      0.14%     92.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  731662      2.40%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   48006      0.16%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  163675      0.54%     95.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   94860      0.31%     96.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  101330      0.33%     96.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   40504      0.13%     96.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1073267      3.52%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30474941                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.065581                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.199122                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  870023                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             27949715                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1204321                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               351380                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 99502                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              10127008                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 99502                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  989801                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26641611                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         15074                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1351165                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1377788                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               9673698                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                87422                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1057368                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                255031                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   623                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           11486665                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             26501653                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12963225                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            59584                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3783218                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 7703476                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               341                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           450                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2132895                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1642020                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             148371                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             7342                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            7999                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   9066962                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               9366                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6516193                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             9028                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5925402                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11746084                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          9366                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30474941                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.213821                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.867676                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27980419     91.81%     91.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             914137      3.00%     94.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             505502      1.66%     96.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             346265      1.14%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             393457      1.29%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             141504      0.46%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             116206      0.38%     99.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              45935      0.15%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              31516      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30474941                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  19594     72.80%     72.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     72.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     72.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1918      7.13%     79.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     79.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     79.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     79.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     79.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     79.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     79.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     79.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     79.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     79.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     79.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     79.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     79.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     79.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     79.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     79.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     79.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     79.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     79.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     79.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     79.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     79.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     79.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     79.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     79.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4786     17.78%     97.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  467      1.74%     99.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              133      0.49%     99.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              18      0.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            29501      0.45%      0.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              5345884     82.04%     82.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                3052      0.05%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                18873      0.29%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              24095      0.37%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              983049     15.09%     98.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             107474      1.65%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           4208      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            57      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               6516193                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.213403                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      26916                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004131                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          43484197                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         14955658                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6197975                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              59072                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             46076                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        26578                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               6483173                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  30435                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            8356                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1085159                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          261                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            5                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93608                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           61                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1258                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 99502                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24260029                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               273537                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            9076328                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             6360                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1642020                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              148371                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              3351                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 25823                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                66398                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             5                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         48453                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        64441                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              112894                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              6369049                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               935090                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           147142                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1034570                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  723486                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     99480                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.208584                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       6253069                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      6224553                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4647509                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  7333116                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.203852                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.633770                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5926298                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            99499                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29623081                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.106368                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.629282                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28343931     95.68%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       566642      1.91%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       141617      0.48%     98.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       357486      1.21%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        79325      0.27%     99.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        43681      0.15%     99.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11370      0.04%     99.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7541      0.03%     99.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        71488      0.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29623081                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1577182                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3150950                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        611628                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       556865                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    532757                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     21886                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3128790                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                9650                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         6630      0.21%      0.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2497500     79.26%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            386      0.01%     79.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           16098      0.51%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         18708      0.59%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         553687     17.57%     98.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         54763      1.74%     99.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         3178      0.10%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3150950                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                71488                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    38628841                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   19009430                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            482                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          59747                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1577182                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3150950                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             19.360282                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       19.360282                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.051652                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.051652                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 6584244                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                5418447                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    46650                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   23289                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3714380                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1691874                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3226436                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           261199                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             480796                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           261199                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.840727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          776                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4162907                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4162907                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       447138                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         447138                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        53724                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         53724                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       500862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          500862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       500862                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         500862                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       473526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       473526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1039                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1039                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       474565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        474565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       474565                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       474565                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35339383500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35339383500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     60746000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     60746000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35400129500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35400129500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35400129500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35400129500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       920664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       920664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        54763                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        54763                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       975427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       975427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       975427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       975427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.514331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.514331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018973                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018973                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.486520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.486520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.486520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.486520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74630.291684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74630.291684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 58465.832531                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58465.832531                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74594.901647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74594.901647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74594.901647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74594.901647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        28977                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1016                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    28.520669                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2388                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2388                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       213351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       213351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       213366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       213366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       213366                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       213366                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       260175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       260175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1024                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1024                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       261199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       261199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       261199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       261199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19172652000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19172652000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     58453000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58453000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19231105000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19231105000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19231105000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19231105000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.282595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.282595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018699                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018699                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.267779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.267779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.267779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.267779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73691.369271                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73691.369271                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57083.007812                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57083.007812                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73626.258140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73626.258140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73626.258140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73626.258140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          6299892                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         6299892                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1574973                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1574973                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1574973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1574973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1574973                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1574973                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1574973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1574973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1574973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1574973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1574973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1574973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    190436                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      330541                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    190436                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.735706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.165119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.834881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10039                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5054                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4367812                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4367812                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2388                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2388                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               510                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   510                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         70273                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             70273                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                70783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    70783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               70783                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   70783                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             514                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 514                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       189902                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          189902                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             190416                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 190416                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            190416                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                190416                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     51361000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      51361000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18011287000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18011287000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18062648000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18062648000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18062648000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18062648000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2388                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2388                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1024                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1024                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       260175                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        260175                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           261199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               261199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          261199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              261199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.501953                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.501953                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.729901                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.729901                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.729007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.729007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.729007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.729007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99924.124514                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99924.124514                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94845.167507                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94845.167507                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94858.877405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94858.877405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94858.877405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94858.877405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  789                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       789                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            5                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             5                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          514                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            514                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       189902                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       189902                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        190416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            190416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       190416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           190416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     46221000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46221000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16112257000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16112257000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16158478000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16158478000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16158478000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16158478000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.501953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.501953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.729901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.729901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.729007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.729007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.729007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.729007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89924.124514                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89924.124514                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84845.114849                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84845.114849                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84858.824889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84858.824889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84858.824889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84858.824889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        380821                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       190414                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             189903                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          789                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           189616                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               514                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              514                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        189902                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       571238                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       571238                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 571238                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12237184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12237184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12237184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            190416                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  190416    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              190416                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           448021000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1030204500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       522398                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       261198                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          410                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             35                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           31                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            4                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            260175                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3177                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          448458                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1024                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1024                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       260175                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       783597                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                783597                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16869568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16869568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          190436                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     50496                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           451635                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000992                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.031760                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 451191     99.90%     99.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    440      0.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      4      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             451635                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          263587000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         391798500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
