
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2274834274625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               19717148                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 35971679                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               60059509                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   254.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5012169808                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9144130549                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1098688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1098816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1035072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1035072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           17167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               17169                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         16173                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              16173                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          71963270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              71971653                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        67796468                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             67796468                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        67796468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         71963270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            139768121                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       17169                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      16173                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     17169                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    16173                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1098752                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                      64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1034688                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1098816                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1035072                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267402000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 17169                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                16173                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   16229                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     933                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    555                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    931                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    942                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    942                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        23882                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     89.340591                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    80.796236                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    51.190096                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-127        17255     72.25%     72.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-191         4934     20.66%     92.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-255         1004      4.20%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-319          442      1.85%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-383          144      0.60%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-447           54      0.23%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-511           18      0.08%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-575           21      0.09%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-639            5      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-703            3      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-767            2      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        23882                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          937                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      18.315902                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     18.251618                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.542314                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15                3      0.32%      0.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16              146     15.58%     15.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17              115     12.27%     28.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18              255     27.21%     55.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19              230     24.55%     79.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20              114     12.17%     92.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21               50      5.34%     97.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22               17      1.81%     99.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23                6      0.64%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24                1      0.11%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           937                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          937                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.254002                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.223873                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.013555                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              355     37.89%     37.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               26      2.77%     40.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              519     55.39%     96.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               37      3.95%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           937                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    476350250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               798250250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   85840000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     27746.40                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                46496.40                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        71.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        67.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     71.97                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     67.80                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     5995                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3460                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 34.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                21.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     457903.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    28.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 85351560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 45369225                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                61211220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               42412500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1220060400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1002676740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             31305600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4490099760                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1149041760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         60948540                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8188541445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            536.343543                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12987219250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     23379500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     516234625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    147961500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2992523500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1740510750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9846734250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 85151640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 45262965                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                61368300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               41979240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1220675040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1004732730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             32910240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4477243410                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1147802880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         68578200                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8186001825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            536.177200                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12977350500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     27045750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     516684000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    170024500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2989104875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1745973250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9818511750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13240071                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13240071                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1372984                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11088281                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1070132                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            191893                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11088281                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2646994                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         8441287                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       901080                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    6979907                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2357593                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        83394                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        16651                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6554908                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2530                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   20                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7389581                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      56479136                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13240071                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3717126                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     21754691                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2748054                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                        10                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 850                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        14589                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            4                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6552378                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               319441                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30533752                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             4.028720                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.670924                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12136159     39.75%     39.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  528446      1.73%     41.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  899928      2.95%     44.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1336599      4.38%     48.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  605061      1.98%     50.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1157267      3.79%     54.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1000486      3.28%     57.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  494104      1.62%     59.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12375702     40.53%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30533752                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.433608                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.849671                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5582293                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              8379014                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 13755635                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1442783                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1374027                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             110169711                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1374027                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6651796                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                6974552                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        239139                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 13916886                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1377352                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103034131                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                33922                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                738261                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   535                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                404624                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          115810380                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            255535520                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       140146051                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         19467102                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             48480854                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                67329563                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             31922                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         34315                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3315016                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9503406                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3272101                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           157949                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          159361                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  89423830                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             211737                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 71180428                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           663197                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       47810403                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     69066775                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        211627                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30533752                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.331205                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.594414                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           13278957     43.49%     43.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2231062      7.31%     50.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2765881      9.06%     59.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2316058      7.59%     67.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2357907      7.72%     75.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2237685      7.33%     82.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2648658      8.67%     91.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1622923      5.32%     96.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1074621      3.52%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30533752                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1444169     92.83%     92.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     92.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     92.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                82151      5.28%     98.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     98.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     98.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     98.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     98.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     98.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     98.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     98.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     98.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     98.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     98.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     98.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     98.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     98.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     98.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     98.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     98.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     98.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     98.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     98.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     98.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     98.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     98.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     98.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     98.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     98.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     98.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     98.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4325      0.28%     98.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1690      0.11%     98.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            22898      1.47%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             455      0.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          1839566      2.58%      2.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             54079227     75.97%     78.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2810      0.00%     78.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                76633      0.11%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            5010648      7.04%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5164343      7.26%     92.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2562657      3.60%     96.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        2443152      3.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          1392      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              71180428                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.331133                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1555688                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.021856                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         159798485                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119324122                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60139253                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           15315009                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          18122093                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6798271                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              63232627                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                7663923                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          226186                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5765542                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3824                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          271                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1592561                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3501                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            5                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1374027                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                6193562                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                10651                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           89635567                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            49054                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9503406                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3272101                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             87578                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  5303                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 3447                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           271                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        413527                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1311260                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1724787                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             68124064                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6943875                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          3056365                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     9300749                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6263236                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2356874                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.231038                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      67497816                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     66937524                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 49560276                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 88139612                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.192180                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.562293                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       47810606                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1373865                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23265139                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.797762                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.417159                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10741249     46.17%     46.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3045761     13.09%     59.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3443408     14.80%     74.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1858583      7.99%     82.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       949904      4.08%     86.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       773212      3.32%     89.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       324059      1.39%     90.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       324880      1.40%     92.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1804083      7.75%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23265139                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            19005190                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              41825180                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5417404                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3737864                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4369986                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   3138137                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 39140979                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              376331                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       712843      1.70%      1.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        33276496     79.56%     81.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            772      0.00%     81.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           50981      0.12%     81.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       2366684      5.66%     87.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     87.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     87.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     87.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     87.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     87.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     87.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     87.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     87.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     87.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     87.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     87.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     87.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     87.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     87.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     87.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     87.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     87.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     87.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     87.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     87.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2976176      7.12%     94.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1679540      4.02%     98.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       761688      1.82%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         41825180                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1804083                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   111096842                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  186678184                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            109                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            936                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   19005190                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     41825180                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.606650                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.606650                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.622413                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.622413                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                87162874                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               51414253                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 10735844                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 6407712                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 36276428                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                17953921                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               22096426                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            19503                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             494522                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            19503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            25.356202                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          780                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         33431087                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        33431087                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6649753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6649753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1669627                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1669627                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8319380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8319380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8319380                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8319380                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        23348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        23348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        10168                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10168                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        33516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         33516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        33516                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        33516                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1664747500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1664747500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    953670500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    953670500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2618418000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2618418000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2618418000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2618418000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6673101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6673101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1679795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1679795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8352896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8352896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8352896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8352896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006053                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006053                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71301.503341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71301.503341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93791.355232                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93791.355232                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78124.418188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78124.418188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78124.418188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78124.418188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          106                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           53                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16806                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            16806                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        13494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        14000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        14000                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14000                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        19516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        19516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        19516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        19516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    830560500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    830560500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    901289500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    901289500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1731850000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1731850000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1731850000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1731850000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005752                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005752                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002336                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002336                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002336                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002336                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84286.634869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84286.634869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93281.877458                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93281.877458                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88740.008198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88740.008198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88740.008198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88740.008198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              968                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.476257                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             219108                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              968                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           226.351240                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.476257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1004                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         26210493                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        26210493                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6551372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6551372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6551372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6551372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6551372                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6551372                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1006                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1006                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1006                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1006                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12930500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12930500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12930500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12930500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12930500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12930500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6552378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6552378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6552378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6552378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6552378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6552378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12853.379722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12853.379722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12853.379722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12853.379722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12853.379722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12853.379722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          968                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              968                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          981                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          981                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11821500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11821500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11821500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11821500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11821500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11821500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12050.458716                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12050.458716                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12050.458716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12050.458716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12050.458716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12050.458716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     17175                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       18520                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     17175                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.078311                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       15.236888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        18.475629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16350.287484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.997942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          957                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5921                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    344687                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   344687                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        16806                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            16806                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          968                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              968                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               13                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   13                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               106                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   106                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            966                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                966                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          2230                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2230                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 2336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 966                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                2336                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3302                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            9548                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                9548                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         7619                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            7619                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              17167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  17169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             17167                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 17169                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    885934000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     885934000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       179000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       179000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    791609500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    791609500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       179000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1677543500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1677722500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       179000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1677543500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1677722500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        16806                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16806                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          968                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          968                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          9654                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              9654                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          968                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            968                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         9849                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          9849                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            19503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                20471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           19503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               20471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.989020                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.989020                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002066                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.002066                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.773581                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.773581                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.002066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.880224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.838699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.002066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.880224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.838699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92787.390029                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92787.390029                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        89500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103899.396246                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103899.396246                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97719.083125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97718.125692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97719.083125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97718.125692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                16173                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     16173                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9548                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           9548                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7619                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         7619                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         17167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             17169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        17167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            17169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    790454000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    790454000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       159000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       159000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    715419500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    715419500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       159000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1505873500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1506032500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       159000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1505873500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1506032500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.989020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.773581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.773581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.880224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.838699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.880224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.838699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82787.390029                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82787.390029                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        79500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93899.396246                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93899.396246                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87719.083125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87718.125692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87719.083125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87718.125692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         34334                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17166                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7621                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        16173                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              992                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9548                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9548                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          7621                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        51503                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        51503                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  51503                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2133888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2133888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2133888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             17169                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   17169    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               17169                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           103180000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           93169500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        40968                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        20473                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           42                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             10                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           10                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             10830                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        32979                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          968                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3699                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              13                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             13                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9654                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9654                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           981                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         9849                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2917                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        58535                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 61452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       123904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2323776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2447680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           17188                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1035904                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            37672                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001433                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.037834                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  37618     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     54      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              37672                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           38258000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1471500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          29261499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
