
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2488577092375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               12942163                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 23852748                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               37459903                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   407.57                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5274772177                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9721544465                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1327616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1327680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1086400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1086400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           20744                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               20745                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         16975                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              16975                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          86957888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              86962080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        71158414                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             71158414                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        71158414                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         86957888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            158120494                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       20745                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      16975                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     20745                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    16975                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1327424                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1086912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1327680                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1086400                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      4                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267037000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 20745                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                16975                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   18756                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    1960                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    951                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    988                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    992                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    997                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    991                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    993                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    991                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    994                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    990                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        26520                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     91.023831                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.550100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    55.034698                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-127        19086     71.97%     71.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-191         5300     19.98%     91.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-255         1172      4.42%     96.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-319          586      2.21%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-383          217      0.82%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-447           81      0.31%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-511           44      0.17%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-575           20      0.08%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-639            7      0.03%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-703            7      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        26520                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          989                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      20.976744                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     20.835484                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      2.457012                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17            65      6.57%      6.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19           215     21.74%     28.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21           316     31.95%     60.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23           250     25.28%     85.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25           101     10.21%     95.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27            31      3.13%     98.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29             9      0.91%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31             1      0.10%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           989                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          989                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.171891                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.139630                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.050727                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              423     42.77%     42.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               25      2.53%     45.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              489     49.44%     94.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               52      5.26%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           989                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    567275500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               956169250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  103705000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     27350.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                46100.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        86.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        71.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     86.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     71.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.13                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     7400                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3800                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 35.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                22.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     404746.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    29.70                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 94497900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 50219235                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                75684000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               44813700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1213914000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1015920120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             30322560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4690197690                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1000116480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         30724200                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8246549265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            540.143014                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12959693000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     20480500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     513668000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF     70180750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2604423500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1772922000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10285669375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 94883460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 50424165                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                72406740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               43837560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1216372560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1020432810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             29690400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4594187460                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1080297600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         30819420                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8233513665                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            539.289191                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12951475250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     18680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     514732000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF     63619750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2813490250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1782053500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10074768625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13153164                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13153164                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1371655                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11076863                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1077607                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            191185                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11076863                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2651989                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         8424874                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       909908                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    6907872                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2391537                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        88220                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        20890                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6539221                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2676                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   20                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7376279                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      56228194                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13153164                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3729596                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     21768699                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2745574                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 945                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        15477                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6536545                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               316895                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534187                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             4.002568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.673399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12259826     40.15%     40.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  521991      1.71%     41.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  887870      2.91%     44.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1330803      4.36%     49.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  615197      2.01%     51.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1134511      3.72%     54.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  985058      3.23%     58.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  510104      1.67%     59.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12288827     40.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534187                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.430761                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.841453                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5577438                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              8484869                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 13672737                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1426356                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1372787                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             109498829                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1372787                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6638133                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                7077685                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        251021                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 13827115                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1367446                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             102387329                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                36123                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                720330                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   250                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                415486                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          115145797                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            254018650                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       139677588                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         18942205                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             47872552                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                67273187                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             29749                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         32411                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3248272                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9432763                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3319320                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           161329                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          168677                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  88784977                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             218388                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 70537862                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           664351                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       47647874                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     69216358                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        218248                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534187                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.310127                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.591947                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           13456546     44.07%     44.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2194461      7.19%     51.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2706032      8.86%     60.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2313201      7.58%     67.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2347058      7.69%     75.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2224031      7.28%     82.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2622322      8.59%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1614873      5.29%     96.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1055663      3.46%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534187                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1419769     92.61%     92.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     92.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     92.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                81290      5.30%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4986      0.33%     98.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 3041      0.20%     98.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            23630      1.54%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             310      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          1814864      2.57%      2.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             53636551     76.04%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                3518      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                74544      0.11%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            4878165      6.92%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5161940      7.32%     92.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2599513      3.69%     96.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        2367829      3.36%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           938      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              70537862                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.310089                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1533026                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.021733                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         158921169                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119009356                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     59685227                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           14886118                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          17642128                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6590468                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              62805005                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                7451019                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          215427                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5729329                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4027                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          283                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1595695                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3442                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           10                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1372787                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                6186793                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                10620                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           89003365                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            49057                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9432763                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3319320                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             88647                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  5962                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 2505                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           283                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        415568                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1309165                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1724733                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             67478409                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6873421                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          3059452                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     9264363                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6209527                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2390942                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.209894                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      66839295                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     66275695                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 49007317                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 87028320                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.170505                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.563119                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       47648133                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            140                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1372630                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23293107                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.775437                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.412747                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10953205     47.02%     47.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2978735     12.79%     59.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3360788     14.43%     74.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1857578      7.97%     82.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       957907      4.11%     86.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       748754      3.21%     89.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       327241      1.40%     90.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       327627      1.41%     92.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1781272      7.65%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23293107                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            18874790                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              41355454                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5427060                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3703435                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4321377                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   3040898                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 38749249                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              372293                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       691073      1.67%      1.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        32889119     79.53%     81.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           2088      0.01%     81.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           48222      0.12%     81.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       2297892      5.56%     86.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     86.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     86.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     86.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     86.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     86.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     86.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     86.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     86.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     86.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     86.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     86.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     86.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     86.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     86.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     86.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     86.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     86.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     86.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     86.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     86.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2970717      7.18%     94.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1723625      4.17%     98.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       732718      1.77%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         41355454                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1781272                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   110515422                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  185386216                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             83                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            501                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   18874790                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     41355454                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.617750                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.617750                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.618143                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.618143                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                86424362                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               50977741                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 10418183                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 6216558                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 35816154                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                17833004                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               21993164                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            23425                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             516259                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            23425                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            22.038805                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          760                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         33353605                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        33353605                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6573585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6573585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1713016                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1713016                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8286601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8286601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8286601                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8286601                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        35217                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        35217                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        10727                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10727                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        45944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         45944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        45944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        45944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2662432000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2662432000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1011674000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1011674000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3674106000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3674106000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3674106000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3674106000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6608802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6608802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1723743                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1723743                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8332545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8332545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8332545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8332545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006223                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006223                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75600.760996                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75600.760996                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94310.990957                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94310.990957                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79969.223402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79969.223402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79969.223402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79969.223402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           83                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    20.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17492                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            17492                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        21999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        21999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        22502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        22502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        22502                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        22502                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        13218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        23442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        23442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1122987000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1122987000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    960541500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    960541500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2083528500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2083528500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2083528500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2083528500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005931                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005931                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002813                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002813                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002813                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002813                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84958.919655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84958.919655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93949.677230                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93949.677230                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88880.151011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88880.151011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88880.151011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88880.151011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              954                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1021.818919                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             124282                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              954                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           130.274633                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1021.818919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1005                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         26147152                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        26147152                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6535540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6535540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6535540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6535540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6535540                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6535540                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1005                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1005                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12754000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12754000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12754000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12754000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12754000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12754000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6536545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6536545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6536545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6536545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6536545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6536545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12690.547264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12690.547264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12690.547264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12690.547264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12690.547264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12690.547264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          954                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              954                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11596500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11596500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11596500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11596500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11596500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11596500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11930.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11930.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11930.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11930.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11930.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11930.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     20748                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       23104                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     20748                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.113553                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       10.290133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        15.227875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16358.481991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.998443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        11234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3878                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    410620                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   410620                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        17492                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            17492                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          954                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              954                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                59                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    59                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            953                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                953                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          2622                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2622                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 2681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 953                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                2681                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3634                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             17                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 17                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           10149                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               10149                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        10595                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           10595                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              20744                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  20745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             20744                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 20745                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    944146500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     944146500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total        97500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1075065000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1075065000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2019211500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       2019309000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2019211500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      2019309000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        17492                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17492                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          954                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          954                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         10208                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             10208                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          954                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            954                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        13217                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         13217                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            23425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                24379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           23425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               24379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.994220                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.994220                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001048                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.001048                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.801619                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.801619                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.001048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.885550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.850937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.001048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.885550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.850937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93028.524978                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93028.524978                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        97500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101469.089193                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101469.089193                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97339.543965                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97339.551699                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97339.543965                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97339.551699                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                16975                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     16975                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            17                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10149                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          10149                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10595                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        10595                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         20744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             20745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        20744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            20745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       341500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       341500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    842656500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    842656500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        87500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        87500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    969114501                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    969114501                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        87500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1811771001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1811858501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        87500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1811771001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1811858501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.994220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.801619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.801619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.885550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.850937                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.885550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.850937                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20088.235294                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20088.235294                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83028.524978                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83028.524978                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        87500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        87500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91469.042095                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91469.042095                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        87500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87339.519909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87339.527645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        87500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87339.519909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87339.527645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         41495                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        20762                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10596                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        16975                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3758                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               17                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             10149                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            10149                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         10596                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        62240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        62240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  62240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2414080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2414080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2414080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             20762                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   20762    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               20762                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           114575500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          112570250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        48793                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        24380                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           76                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             15                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           15                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             14189                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        34467                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          954                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            9706                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              17                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             17                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            10208                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           10208                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           972                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        13217                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        70309                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 73189                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       122112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2618688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2740800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           20766                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1087552                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            45162                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002037                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.045089                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  45070     99.80%     99.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     92      0.20%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              45162                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           42842500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1458000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          35147996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
