
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10778744952250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              117316362                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                219458210                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              284889341                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    53.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6287033032                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11760859531                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          19328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10014656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10033984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        19328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         19328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9921088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9921088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             302                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156479                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156781                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155017                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155017                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1265970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         655952726                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             657218696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1265970                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1265970                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       649824090                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            649824090                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       649824090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1265970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        655952726                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1307042786                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156782                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155017                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156782                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155017                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10034048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9920896                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10034048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9921088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            10079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267361000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156782                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155017                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155882                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     571                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     221                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      91                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9695                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27450                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    726.949071                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   573.833300                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   354.385251                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1858      6.77%      6.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2291      8.35%     15.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1899      6.92%     22.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1795      6.54%     28.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2019      7.36%     35.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1407      5.13%     41.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1330      4.85%     45.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1307      4.76%     50.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13544     49.34%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27450                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9682                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.192832                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.131028                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.905282                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               3      0.03%      0.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             37      0.38%      0.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            79      0.82%      1.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9369     96.77%     98.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           136      1.40%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            35      0.36%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             6      0.06%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             2      0.02%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             3      0.03%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             7      0.07%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-59             2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             3      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9682                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9682                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.010535                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.009312                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.219145                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9652     99.69%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                4      0.04%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                7      0.07%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                8      0.08%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                4      0.04%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                4      0.04%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25                2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9682                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2890962500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5830625000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  783910000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18439.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37189.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       657.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       649.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    657.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    649.82                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143203                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141142                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48965.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98253540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52222995                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               561760920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              404701380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         752319360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1514349210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             62348640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2080768470                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       324699840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1578687120                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7430277075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.677775                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11711855375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     41922500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     318822000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6374996125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    845520500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3122897500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4563185500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97746600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51949755                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               557662560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              404471700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         746787600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1504212900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             65012160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2076595500                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       314804160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1589633940                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7409059575                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.288044                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11798887625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     48540500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     316470000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6425184750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    819785750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3103446000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4553917125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1266761                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1266761                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6084                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1259149                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3401                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               720                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1259149                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1225680                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           33469                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4314                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     382035                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1253633                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          697                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2641                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      47331                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          204                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             67769                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5587444                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1266761                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1229081                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30434516                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  12664                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 108                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          724                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    47203                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1771                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30509452                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.370596                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.626581                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28841632     94.53%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   43691      0.14%     94.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   46570      0.15%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  253143      0.83%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   28873      0.09%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8277      0.03%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8880      0.03%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   26834      0.09%     95.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1251552      4.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30509452                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.041486                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.182987                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  389762                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28695707                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   654347                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               763304                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6332                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11246803                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6332                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  668874                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 226363                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         13277                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1137540                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28457066                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11216073                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1394                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17349                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4556                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28161395                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14344936                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23655138                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12901160                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           303222                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14099725                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  245211                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               115                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           119                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4792657                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              391720                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1261046                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20377                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           22114                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11159774                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                737                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11102865                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1874                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         158505                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       231787                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           627                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30509452                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.363916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.241551                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27503041     90.15%     90.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             477010      1.56%     91.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             531011      1.74%     93.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             350257      1.15%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             298426      0.98%     95.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1011934      3.32%     98.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             131354      0.43%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             179788      0.59%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              26631      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30509452                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  81501     94.94%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  353      0.41%     95.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     95.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     95.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     95.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     95.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     95.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     95.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     95.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     95.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     95.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     95.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     95.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     95.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     95.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     95.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     95.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     95.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     95.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     95.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     95.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     95.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     95.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     95.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     95.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     95.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     95.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     95.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     95.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   860      1.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  199      0.23%     96.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2747      3.20%     99.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             185      0.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4150      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9376247     84.45%     84.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  83      0.00%     84.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  275      0.00%     84.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              82499      0.74%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              338298      3.05%     88.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1216763     10.96%     99.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46341      0.42%     99.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38209      0.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11102865                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.363615                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      85845                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.007732                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52430056                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11114914                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10898536                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             372845                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            204292                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       182789                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10996544                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 188016                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2077                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22105                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           44                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          202                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12201                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           20                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          500                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6332                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  52554                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               140315                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11160511                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              806                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               391720                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1261046                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               317                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   380                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               139759                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           202                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1625                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6028                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7653                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11088483                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               381879                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            14382                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1635472                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1242015                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1253593                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.363144                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11084352                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11081325                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8095335                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11267825                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.362909                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.718447                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         158714                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6186                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30484064                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.360910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.271311                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27574814     90.46%     90.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       347521      1.14%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       323429      1.06%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1098313      3.60%     96.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        64862      0.21%     96.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       653739      2.14%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        81088      0.27%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        24367      0.08%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       315931      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30484064                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5417700                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11002006                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1618460                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       369615                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1235866                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    179444                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10905628                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1050                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2240      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9300356     84.53%     84.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         80664      0.73%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         325425      2.96%     88.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1211173     11.01%     99.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44190      0.40%     99.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37672      0.34%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11002006                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               315931                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41328853                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   22347300                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            252                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          25236                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5417700                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11002006                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.636098                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.636098                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.177428                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.177428                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12694634                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8440579                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   283241                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  143927                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6196691                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5606379                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4126218                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156553                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1578707                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.084170                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          918                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6667797                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6667797                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       375346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         375346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1093620                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1093620                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1468966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1468966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1468966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1468966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155253                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155253                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158845                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158845                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    339981000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    339981000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14011837000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14011837000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14351818000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14351818000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14351818000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14351818000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       378938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       378938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1248873                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1248873                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1627811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1627811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1627811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1627811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.009479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.124314                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.124314                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.097582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.097582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94649.498886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94649.498886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90251.634429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90251.634429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90351.084390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90351.084390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90351.084390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90351.084390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        15362                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          203                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              164                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    93.670732                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   101.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155612                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155612                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2290                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2290                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    138070000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    138070000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13855882500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13855882500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13993952500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13993952500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13993952500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13993952500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.124306                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124306                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.096175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.096175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105236.280488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105236.280488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89252.864863                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89252.864863                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89386.812941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89386.812941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89386.812941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89386.812941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              561                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.999626                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            1528796                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          2725.126560                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.999626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          823                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           189375                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          189375                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        46516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          46516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        46516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           46516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        46516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          46516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          687                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          687                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42738500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     42738500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42738500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     42738500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42738500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     42738500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        47203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        47203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        47203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        47203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        47203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        47203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62210.334789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62210.334789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62210.334789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62210.334789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62210.334789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62210.334789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            2                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          561                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              561                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          124                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          124                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35539000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35539000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35539000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     35539000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35539000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     35539000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63124.333925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63124.333925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63124.333925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63124.333925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63124.333925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63124.333925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157269                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156816                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157269                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997120                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       54.034503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        33.579843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16296.385654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          955                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9561                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5762                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2670925                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2670925                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155612                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155612                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          560                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              560                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            259                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                259                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            48                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                48                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 259                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  73                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     332                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          155216                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              155216                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          302                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              302                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1264                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1264                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               302                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156480                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156782                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13622709000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13622709000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31952000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     31952000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    135523000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    135523000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31952000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13758232000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13790184000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31952000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13758232000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13790184000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155612                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155612                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          560                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          560                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155241                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155241                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          561                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            561                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1312                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1312                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999839                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999839                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.538324                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.538324                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.963415                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.963415                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.538324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.538324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87766.138800                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87766.138800                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105801.324503                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105801.324503                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107217.563291                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107217.563291                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105801.324503                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87923.261759                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87957.699226                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105801.324503                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87923.261759                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87957.699226                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155017                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155017                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155216                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         155216                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          302                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          302                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1264                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1264                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156480                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12070549000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12070549000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     28932000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28932000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    122883000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    122883000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     28932000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12193432000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12222364000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     28932000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12193432000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12222364000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.538324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.538324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.963415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.963415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.538324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.538324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77766.138800                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77766.138800                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95801.324503                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95801.324503                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97217.563291                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97217.563291                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95801.324503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77923.261759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77957.699226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95801.324503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77923.261759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77957.699226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        313408                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156640                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1566                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155017                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1609                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            155216                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155216                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1566                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       470190                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       470190                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 470190                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19955136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19955136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19955136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156782                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156782    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156782                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           933979500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          824533000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       314232                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157114                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          114                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            764                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          764                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1875                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       310629                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          561                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3193                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155241                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155241                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           563                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1312                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1685                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       469663                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                471348                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        71808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19978560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20050368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157271                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9921216                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           314387                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002793                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.052773                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 313509     99.72%     99.72% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    878      0.28%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             314387                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          313289000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            844500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         234830500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
