
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3328281019250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              111924280                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                207290349                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              308294968                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    49.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5542698064                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10265404613                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12097088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12097152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        52544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           52544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          189017                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              189018                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           821                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                821                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         792350516                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             792354708                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         3441594                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              3441594                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         3441594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        792350516                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            795796302                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      189017                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        821                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    189017                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      821                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12089856                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    7232                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   52480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12097088                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                52544                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    113                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267342000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                189017                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  821                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  143263                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   42558                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3021                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97312                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    124.769484                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   107.213408                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.125713                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        44539     45.77%     45.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        42672     43.85%     89.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8763      9.01%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1169      1.20%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          119      0.12%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           17      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           11      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           17      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97312                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           51                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    3707.196078                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   3600.145806                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    892.148867                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      1.96%      1.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            3      5.88%      7.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            1      1.96%      9.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            2      3.92%     13.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            7     13.73%     27.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            4      7.84%     35.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            5      9.80%     45.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            7     13.73%     58.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            5      9.80%     68.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            5      9.80%     78.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            3      5.88%     84.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            3      5.88%     90.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      1.96%     92.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      1.96%     94.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            2      3.92%     98.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            1      1.96%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            51                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           51                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.078431                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.074074                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.392078                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               49     96.08%     96.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                2      3.92%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            51                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4648910500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8190860500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  944520000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24609.91                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43359.91                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       791.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         3.44                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    792.35                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      3.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.34                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    91692                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     714                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 48.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      80423.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                342334440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                181955070                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               665669340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1633860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1582929900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24600000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5218703970                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       110368320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9333503940                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            611.337759                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11732467250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9670750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    287599250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3015321625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11444892500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                352516080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                187343970                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               683105220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2646540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1628067630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24169440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5193265440                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        94210080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9370018800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            613.729456                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11633294125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9597750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    245683250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3114624750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11387838375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1858817                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1858817                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            89814                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1461475                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  71867                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             10876                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1461475                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            763851                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          697624                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        33298                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     898606                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      98948                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       165877                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1514                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1494246                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         6282                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1536595                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5685332                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1858817                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            835718                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28798416                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 183910                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1906                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1525                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        52489                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1487964                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                13031                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      5                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30482886                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.376137                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.546297                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28332917     92.95%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   32501      0.11%     93.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  691473      2.27%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   45484      0.15%     95.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  152450      0.50%     95.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   93039      0.31%     96.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  102016      0.33%     96.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   37302      0.12%     96.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  995704      3.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30482886                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.060876                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.186193                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  806897                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28134270                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1105977                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               343787                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 91955                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               9505455                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 91955                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  922083                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26818376                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         17681                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1252168                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1380623                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               9081293                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                84488                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1059708                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                254878                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1204                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           10803922                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24927562                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12219613                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            70166                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3818665                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6985256                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               298                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           381                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2113833                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1545218                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             141902                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             8297                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            7480                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8523770                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               7478                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6199601                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             9769                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5354283                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10646674                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          7477                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30482886                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.203380                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.845628                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28087394     92.14%     92.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             889912      2.92%     95.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             491582      1.61%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             339731      1.11%     97.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             357067      1.17%     98.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             131921      0.43%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             108814      0.36%     99.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              45145      0.15%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              31320      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30482886                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  20263     72.71%     72.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     72.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     72.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 2045      7.34%     80.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     80.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     80.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     80.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     80.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     80.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     80.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     80.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     80.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     80.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     80.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     80.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     80.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     80.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     80.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     80.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     80.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     80.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     80.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     80.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     80.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     80.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     80.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     80.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     80.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4829     17.33%     97.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  433      1.55%     98.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              285      1.02%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              15      0.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            27916      0.45%      0.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              5070801     81.79%     82.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2257      0.04%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                20281      0.33%     82.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              26069      0.42%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              940776     15.17%     98.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             106051      1.71%     99.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           5406      0.09%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            44      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               6199601                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.203035                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      27870                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004495                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          42854068                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         13827572                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5904230                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              65659                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             57962                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        28686                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               6165689                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  33866                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            9064                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       987967                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          244                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            6                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        83549                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          104                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1258                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 91955                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24377027                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               273435                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8531248                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5967                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1545218                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              141902                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2705                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 20632                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                66837                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             6                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         46740                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        57509                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              104249                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              6064434                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               898131                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           135167                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      997065                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  701258                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     98934                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.198608                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5960339                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5932916                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4386607                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  7032773                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.194301                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.623738                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5355032                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              1                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            91953                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29711008                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.106929                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.632284                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28423881     95.67%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       566252      1.91%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       147771      0.50%     98.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       362613      1.22%     99.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        74362      0.25%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        43487      0.15%     99.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        10543      0.04%     99.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7603      0.03%     99.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        74496      0.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29711008                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1591740                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3176963                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        615603                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       557250                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    533166                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     23358                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3153303                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               10279                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         7105      0.22%      0.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2516565     79.21%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            411      0.01%     79.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           17323      0.55%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         19956      0.63%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         553848     17.43%     98.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         58353      1.84%     99.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         3402      0.11%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3176963                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                74496                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    38168507                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   17838682                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            433                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          51802                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1591740                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3176963                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             19.183213                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       19.183213                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.052129                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.052129                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 6410986                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                5150121                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    50498                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   25252                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3665090                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1661399                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3065054                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           261053                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             480851                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           261053                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.841967                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          786                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4025353                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4025353                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       416579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         416579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        57274                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         57274                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       473853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          473853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       473853                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         473853                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       466143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       466143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1079                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1079                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       467222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        467222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       467222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       467222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34648422000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34648422000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     63538000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     63538000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34711960000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34711960000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34711960000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34711960000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       882722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       882722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        58353                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        58353                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       941075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       941075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       941075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       941075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.528075                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.528075                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018491                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018491                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.496477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.496477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.496477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.496477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74330.027481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74330.027481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 58886.005561                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58886.005561                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74294.361139                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74294.361139                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74294.361139                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74294.361139                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        29303                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1014                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    28.898422                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2444                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2444                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       206154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       206154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       206169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       206169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       206169                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       206169                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       259989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       259989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1064                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1064                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       261053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       261053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       261053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       261053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19061039500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19061039500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     61216500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61216500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19122256000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19122256000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19122256000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19122256000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.294531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018234                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018234                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.277399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.277399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.277399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.277399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73314.792164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73314.792164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57534.304511                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57534.304511                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73250.474042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73250.474042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73250.474042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73250.474042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                 30                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                   30                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5951857                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5951857                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1487963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1487963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1487963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1487963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1487963                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1487963                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       113500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       113500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       113500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       113500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       113500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       113500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1487964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1487964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1487964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1487964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1487964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1487964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       113500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       113500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       113500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       113500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       113500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       113500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       112500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       112500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       112500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       112500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       112500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       112500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       112500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       112500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       112500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       112500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       112500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       112500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    189037                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      333916                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    189037                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.766406                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.335351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.115251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.549398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4933                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4363861                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4363861                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2444                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2444                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               513                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   513                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         71524                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             71524                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                72037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    72037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               72037                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   72037                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             551                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 551                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       188465                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          188465                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             189016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 189017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            189016                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                189017                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     54034000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      54034000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       111000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       111000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17886705500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17886705500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       111000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17940739500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17940850500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       111000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17940739500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17940850500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2444                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2444                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1064                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1064                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       259989                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        259989                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           261053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               261054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          261053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              261054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.517857                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.517857                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.724896                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.724896                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.724052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.724053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.724052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.724053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98065.335753                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98065.335753                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       111000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       111000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94907.306396                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94907.306396                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       111000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94916.512359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94916.597449                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       111000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94916.512359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94916.597449                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  821                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       821                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           12                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            12                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          551                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            551                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       188465                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       188465                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        189016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            189017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       189016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           189017                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     48524000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48524000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       101000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16002055500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16002055500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16050579500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16050680500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16050579500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16050680500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.517857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.517857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.724896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.724896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.724052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.724053                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.724052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.724053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88065.335753                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88065.335753                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       101000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84907.306396                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84907.306396                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84916.512359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84916.597449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84916.512359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84916.597449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        378024                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       189017                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             188466                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          821                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           188186                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               551                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              551                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        188466                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       567041                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       567041                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 567041                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12149632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12149632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12149632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            189017                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  189017    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              189017                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           445861500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1023122750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       522108                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       261053                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          434                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             42                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           36                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            6                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            259990                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3265                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          446825                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1064                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1064                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       259989                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       783159                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                783162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16863808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16863936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          189037                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     52544                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           450091                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001069                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.033079                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 449616     99.89%     99.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    469      0.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      6      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             450091                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          263499000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         391579500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
