
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               564891732625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                4734990                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  8949171                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               57283461                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1219356                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   266.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1261982389                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2385157297                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         248832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             248832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       202752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          202752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            3888                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3888                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3168                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3168                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16298316                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16298316                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        13280109                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             13280109                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        13280109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16298316                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             29578425                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3888                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3168                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3888                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3168                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 248832                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  203712                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  248832                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               202752                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14               60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15264033000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3888                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3168                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3881                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4463                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    101.198297                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    76.652986                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   138.387337                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3932     88.10%     88.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          225      5.04%     93.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           92      2.06%     95.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           61      1.37%     96.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           34      0.76%     97.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           38      0.85%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           35      0.78%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           24      0.54%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           22      0.49%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4463                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          179                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      21.815642                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     21.219468                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      5.932635                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17            10      5.59%      5.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19            60     33.52%     39.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21            56     31.28%     70.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23            23     12.85%     83.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25            10      5.59%     88.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27             1      0.56%     89.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29             1      0.56%     89.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             3      1.68%     91.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             3      1.68%     93.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-37             4      2.23%     95.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-41             4      2.23%     97.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::42-43             2      1.12%     98.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-45             2      1.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           179                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          179                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.782123                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.769730                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.646958                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               20     11.17%     11.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.56%     11.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              156     87.15%     98.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                2      1.12%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           179                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    311579750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               384479750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   19440000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     80138.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                98888.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        13.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     13.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       63                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2542                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                80.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2163269.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    36.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 22169700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 11772090                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                18978120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               12089520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1315944240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            503399490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             52804320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3377708850                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      2265271200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        333931080                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7915003440                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            518.427002                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14023746500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     86604000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     558508000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    717405000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5899055000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     598485625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7407286500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                  9717540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  5164995                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                 8782200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                4525740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         842671440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            300921810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             34382880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1908090960                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1677657600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1535872560                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             6328434915                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            414.507911                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14516439000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     56160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     357750000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   5963120750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4368903500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     336995125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4184414750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13281167                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13281167                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1104559                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11165879                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1000578                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            215860                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11165879                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3551021                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7614858                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       798155                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    9902349                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7450822                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       137595                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        47075                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    8963113                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        14476                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   23                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9696809                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59854922                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13281167                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4551599                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19651334                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2226326                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                8050                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        65039                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8948637                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               275807                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534395                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.752939                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.582040                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12305332     40.30%     40.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  867941      2.84%     43.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1244137      4.07%     47.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1395945      4.57%     51.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1112591      3.64%     55.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1112231      3.64%     59.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1025473      3.36%     62.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  880635      2.88%     65.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10590110     34.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534395                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.434953                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.960227                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8571504                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4250626                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15639833                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               959269                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1113163                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108930826                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1113163                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9351832                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3321018                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         55798                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15753111                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles               939473                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103737039                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1654                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 63108                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    31                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                821967                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          110288856                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            260940039                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       155776559                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3147911                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             67715478                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                42573441                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1520                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          2137                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   871161                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11851650                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8879694                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           498486                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          196961                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  93143387                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              70596                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 82831339                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           455069                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       29823878                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43391435                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         70573                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534395                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.712722                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.529415                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9922411     32.50%     32.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2826635      9.26%     41.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3049611      9.99%     51.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3070741     10.06%     61.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3117293     10.21%     72.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2775286      9.09%     81.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3087823     10.11%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1656041      5.42%     96.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1028554      3.37%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534395                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 810231     73.91%     73.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                13929      1.27%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                101312      9.24%     84.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                84173      7.68%     92.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              446      0.04%     92.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           86111      7.86%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           516612      0.62%      0.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             62762335     75.77%     76.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               74562      0.09%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                84937      0.10%     76.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1156931      1.40%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10058511     12.14%     90.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7512727      9.07%     99.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         389526      0.47%     99.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        275198      0.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              82831339                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.712696                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1096202                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013234                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         193852372                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119964860                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     77251966                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3895979                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3074143                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1768278                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              81445747                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                1965182                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1225618                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4271046                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        10659                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2548                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2653556                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          114                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1113163                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3374519                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 1133                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           93213983                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            14599                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11851650                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8879694                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             25097                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   135                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  886                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2548                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        308731                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1160435                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1469166                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             80192284                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9895363                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2639062                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17338293                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8667732                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7442930                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.626268                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      79635205                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     79020244                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 55188098                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 86422128                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.587884                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.638588                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       29824313                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             23                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1112428                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26050940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.433316                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.733335                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9437844     36.23%     36.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3758100     14.43%     50.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2605147     10.00%     60.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3522311     13.52%     74.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1126888      4.33%     78.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1132293      4.35%     82.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       800887      3.07%     85.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       459269      1.76%     87.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3208201     12.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26050940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            33463751                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              63390157                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      13806752                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7580611                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7370413                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1293429                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 62418558                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              459444                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       257588      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        48219562     76.07%     76.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          53922      0.09%     76.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           75285      0.12%     76.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        977048      1.54%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7307271     11.53%     89.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6226141      9.82%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       273340      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         63390157                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3208201                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   116057209                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  190999742                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             30                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            293                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   33463751                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     63390157                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.912471                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.912471                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.095926                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.095926                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               115735228                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               61937002                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2494375                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1232646                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 40189189                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21086925                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35227480                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5262                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            2341035                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5262                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           444.894527                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          239                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          467                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          292                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         59078690                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        59078690                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8534345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8534345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6225955                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6225955                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     14760300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        14760300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     14760300                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       14760300                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4733                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4733                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3324                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3324                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         8057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          8057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         8057                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         8057                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    195276500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    195276500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    509700000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    509700000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    704976500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    704976500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    704976500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    704976500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8539078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8539078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6229279                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6229279                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     14768357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14768357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     14768357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14768357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000534                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000534                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 41258.504120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41258.504120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 153339.350181                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153339.350181                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87498.634728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87498.634728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87498.634728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87498.634728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         4019                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             4019                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2793                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2793                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3276                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3276                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    105985500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105985500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    500208000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    500208000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    606193500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    606193500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    606193500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    606193500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000526                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000526                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000356                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000356                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000356                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000356                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53312.625755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53312.625755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 152688.644689                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152688.644689                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 115158.339666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115158.339666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 115158.339666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115158.339666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              991                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.000010                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             128621                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              991                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           129.789102                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.000010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1007                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35795541                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35795541                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8947615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8947615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8947615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8947615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8947615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8947615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13049000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13049000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13049000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13049000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13049000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13049000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8948637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8948637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8948637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8948637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8948637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8948637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12768.101761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12768.101761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12768.101761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12768.101761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12768.101761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12768.101761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          991                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              991                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          993                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          993                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11899000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11899000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11899000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11899000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11899000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11899000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11982.880161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11982.880161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11982.880161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11982.880161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11982.880161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11982.880161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      3894                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        5067                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3894                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.301233                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       54.548287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst               25                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16304.451713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2303                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13837                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    103918                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   103918                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             4019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          991                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              991                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            991                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                991                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1374                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1374                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 991                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1374                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2365                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3275                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3275                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          613                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             613                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               3888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              3888                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3888                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    495577500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     495577500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     88187500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     88187500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    583765000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        583765000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    583765000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       583765000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          991                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          991                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3275                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3275                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          991                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            991                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1987                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1987                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 6253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                6253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total                1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.308505                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.308505                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.738883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.621782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.738883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.621782                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 151321.374046                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151321.374046                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 143862.153344                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 143862.153344                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 150145.318930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150145.318930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 150145.318930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150145.318930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3168                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3168                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3275                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3275                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          613                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          3888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        40000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    462827500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    462827500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     82057500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82057500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    544885000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    544885000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    544885000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    544885000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.308505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.308505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.738883                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.621782                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.738883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.621782                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 141321.374046                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141321.374046                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 133862.153344                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133862.153344                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 140145.318930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140145.318930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 140145.318930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140145.318930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7778                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3890                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                613                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3168                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              720                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3275                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3275                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           613                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        11666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        11666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       451584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       451584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  451584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3890                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3890    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3890                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            21435000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21394500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        12510                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         6253                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            9                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             10                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           10                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2980                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7187                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          991                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1969                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3275                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3275                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           993                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1987                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2975                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        15790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 18765                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       126848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       593984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 720832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            3896                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    202880                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            10151                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001872                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.043225                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  10132     99.81%     99.81% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     19      0.19%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              10151                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           11265000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1489500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           7894000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
