
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2625983189500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               36700059                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 67876199                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              102917780                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   148.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5444271770                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10069098254                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        2646080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            2646400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       785536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          785536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           41345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               41350                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         12274                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              12274                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             20960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         173316327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             173337286                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        20960                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            20960                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        51452040                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             51452040                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        51452040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            20960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        173316327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            224789326                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       41350                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      12274                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     41350                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    12274                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                2585216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   61184                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  785600                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 2646400                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               785536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    956                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             3308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             7851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             6420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             5164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             3347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267322000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 41350                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                12274                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   34913                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    5118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     345                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    722                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    722                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    724                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        32059                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    105.150129                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.120400                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.525312                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        20670     64.47%     64.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9077     28.31%     92.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2007      6.26%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          208      0.65%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           41      0.13%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           16      0.05%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           11      0.03%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            7      0.02%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           22      0.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        32059                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          720                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      56.076389                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     50.725671                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     30.326109                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-31            74     10.28%     10.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-47           278     38.61%     48.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-63           185     25.69%     74.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-79            72     10.00%     84.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-95            43      5.97%     90.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-111           34      4.72%     95.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::112-127           11      1.53%     96.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-143           12      1.67%     98.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::144-159            6      0.83%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-175            1      0.14%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-207            1      0.14%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::208-223            1      0.14%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::272-287            1      0.14%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::368-383            1      0.14%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           720                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          720                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.048611                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.018005                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.022214                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              343     47.64%     47.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               15      2.08%     49.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              346     48.06%     97.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               16      2.22%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           720                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   1187066500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              1944454000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  201970000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     29387.20                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                48137.20                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       169.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        51.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    173.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     51.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    13992                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    6619                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 34.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                53.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     284710.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    39.13                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 59169180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 31452960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                75055680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               20337120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1236655680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            613948710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             43172640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4593879660                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1141931040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        270316560                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8086268670                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            529.644751                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          13807384875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     52221750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     524092000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    759682750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2973624500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     883189750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10074533375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                169724940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 90210945                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               213357480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               43738380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1217601840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            895777230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             30027840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5244121410                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       635423040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         33887640                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8573911515                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            561.585004                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13223815875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     18999000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     515079000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF     69776250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1654502625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1509450250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11499537000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                8476766                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          8476766                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           585283                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             6922998                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 604266                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             82816                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        6922998                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3097018                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         3825980                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       293014                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    4639454                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1037057                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       602681                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        16740                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6087507                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        23701                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    3                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           6398878                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      29659580                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    8476766                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3701284                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     23364870                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                1186526                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       658                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                5723                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       161362                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6063806                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               138307                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     16                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30524754                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.967890                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.134031                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                20173211     66.09%     66.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  283427      0.93%     67.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 2099081      6.88%     73.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  425869      1.40%     75.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  717158      2.35%     77.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  601626      1.97%     79.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  532584      1.74%     81.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  296488      0.97%     82.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 5395310     17.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30524754                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.277611                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.971340                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 4253981                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             17674861                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  6844047                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1158602                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                593263                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              53030707                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                593263                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 4828219                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               15072255                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        127224                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  7222864                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              2680929                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              50303276                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               131000                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               2257469                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                118302                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                 33286                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           59396884                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            133363528                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        71901250                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           761182                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             22902468                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                36494408                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              2715                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          3515                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  5361762                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             7206050                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1451360                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            65800                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           64661                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  45581025                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              77452                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 35129065                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            96708                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       26703992                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     47062868                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         77449                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30524754                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.150839                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.948911                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           19768657     64.76%     64.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2655574      8.70%     73.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1988750      6.52%     79.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            1538092      5.04%     85.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1781940      5.84%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1109541      3.63%     94.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             887561      2.91%     97.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             476228      1.56%     98.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             318411      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30524754                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 224299     79.38%     79.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     79.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     79.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                24596      8.70%     88.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     88.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     88.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     88.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     88.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     88.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     88.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     88.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     88.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     88.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     88.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     88.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     88.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     88.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     88.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     88.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     88.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     88.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     88.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     88.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     88.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     88.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     88.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     88.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     88.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     88.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 26277      9.30%     97.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 4684      1.66%     99.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2677      0.95%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              42      0.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           232497      0.66%      0.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             28225616     80.35%     81.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               20070      0.06%     81.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv               240658      0.69%     81.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             302511      0.86%     82.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             4938215     14.06%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1106830      3.15%     99.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          62572      0.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            96      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              35129065                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.150464                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     282575                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.008044                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         100400897                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         71770832                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     32798436                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             761276                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            591674                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       337533                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              34786649                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 392494                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          107010                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4562935                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3627                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           84                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       717786                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1057                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1026                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                593263                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               12351272                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               393485                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           45658477                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            32208                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              7206050                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1451360                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             27568                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 47073                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                26338                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            84                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        260951                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       454187                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              715138                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             33962499                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              4633129                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1166572                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     5670012                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 3680877                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1036883                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.112260                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      33404083                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     33135969                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 24926921                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 41642129                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.085191                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.598599                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       26705574                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              3                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           593240                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26555162                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.713777                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.680646                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20184836     76.01%     76.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2333850      8.79%     84.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       845881      3.19%     87.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1502192      5.66%     93.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       445635      1.68%     95.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       318382      1.20%     96.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       128756      0.48%     97.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        89741      0.34%     97.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       705889      2.66%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26555162                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             9509117                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              18954473                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       3376684                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      2643110                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   2594264                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    293214                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 18658155                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              129312                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        88241      0.47%      0.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        15020412     79.24%     79.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           5172      0.03%     79.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv          213320      1.13%     80.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        250644      1.32%     82.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     82.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     82.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     82.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     82.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     82.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     82.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     82.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     82.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     82.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     82.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     82.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     82.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     82.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     82.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     82.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     82.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     82.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     82.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     82.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2600540     13.72%     95.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        733574      3.87%     99.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        42570      0.22%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         18954473                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               705889                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    71509320                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   95322422                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            331                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           9935                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    9509117                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     18954473                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              3.211096                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        3.211096                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.311420                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.311420                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                41419418                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               28662040                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   589673                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  294932                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 19024591                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 9812672                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               15361376                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           778614                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            4772214                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           778614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.129114                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          448                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          553                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         21584198                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        21584198                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      3091064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        3091064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       726205                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        726205                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      3817269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         3817269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      3817269                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        3817269                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      1376758                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1376758                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         7369                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7369                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1384127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1384127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1384127                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1384127                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  24461090000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24461090000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    698061000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    698061000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  25159151000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25159151000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  25159151000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25159151000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4467822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4467822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       733574                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       733574                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      5201396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5201396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      5201396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5201396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.308150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.308150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010045                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010045                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.266107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.266107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.266107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.266107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17767.167505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17767.167505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94729.406975                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94729.406975                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 18176.909344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18176.909344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 18176.909344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18176.909344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        15520                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              898                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.282851                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       610002                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           610002                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       605431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       605431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       605513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       605513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       605513                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       605513                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       771327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       771327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7287                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7287                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       778614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       778614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       778614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       778614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12474208000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12474208000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    682802000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    682802000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13157010000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13157010000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13157010000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13157010000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.172640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.172640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.009934                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009934                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.149693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.149693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16172.398995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16172.398995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93701.386030                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93701.386030                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16897.987963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16897.987963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16897.987963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16897.987963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.501930                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             146370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                4                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         36592.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.501930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1017                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         24255229                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        24255229                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6063801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6063801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6063801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6063801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6063801                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6063801                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       999500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       999500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       999500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       999500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       999500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       999500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6063806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6063806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6063806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6063806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6063806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6063806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       199900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       199900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       199900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       199900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       199900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       199900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            4                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                4                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       994500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       994500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       994500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       994500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       994500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       994500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       198900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       198900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       198900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       198900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       198900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       198900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     41387                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     1428769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     41387                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     34.522169                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        5.829819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1.101299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16377.068883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          381                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3646                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7003                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5306                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  12498883                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 12498883                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       610002                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           610002                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            4                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                4                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               131                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   131                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        737137                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            737137                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               737268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   737268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              737268                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  737268                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            7158                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                7158                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                5                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        34188                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           34188                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              41346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  41351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             41346                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 41351                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    670566000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     670566000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       987000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       987000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3387040000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   3387040000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       987000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4057606000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4058593000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       987000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4057606000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4058593000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       610002                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       610002                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            4                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            4                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          7289                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              7289                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              5                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       771325                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        771325                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           778614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               778619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          778614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              778619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.982028                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.982028                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.044324                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.044324                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.053102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.053108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.053102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.053108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93680.637049                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93680.637049                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       197400                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       197400                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99071.019071                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99071.019071                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       197400                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98137.812606                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 98149.814998                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       197400                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98137.812606                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 98149.814998                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                12274                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     12274                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           65                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            65                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7158                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           7158                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        34188                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        34188                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         41346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             41351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        41346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            41351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    598986000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    598986000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       937000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       937000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3045170000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3045170000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       937000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3644156000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3645093000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       937000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3644156000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3645093000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.982028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.982028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.044324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.053102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.053108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.053102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.053108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83680.637049                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83680.637049                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       187400                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       187400                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89071.311571                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89071.311571                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       187400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88138.054467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88150.056831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       187400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88138.054467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88150.056831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         82696                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        41354                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              34192                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        12274                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            29072                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              7158                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             7158                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         34192                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       124046                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       124046                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 124046                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3431936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      3431936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3431936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             41350                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   41350    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               41350                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           142833000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          226030000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1557237                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       778618                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           62                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            106                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           88                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           18                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            771330                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       622276                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          197725                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             7289                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            7289                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       771325                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2335842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               2335856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     88871424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               88872000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           41387                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    785536                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           820006                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000227                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.016452                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 819838     99.98%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    150      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                     18      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             820006                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1388624500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              9.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              7500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1167921000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             7.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
