
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3526756492875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              116686513                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                216170779                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              320257842                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    47.67                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5562681866                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10305299880                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12220288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12220352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        47744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           47744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          190942                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              190943                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           746                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                746                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         800420027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             800424219                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         3127197                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              3127197                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         3127197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        800420027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            803551417                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      190942                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        746                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    190942                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      746                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12213184                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    7104                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   48128                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12220288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                47744                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    111                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267284000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                190942                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  746                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  144090                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43547                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97346                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    125.957964                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   108.160089                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.602536                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        43873     45.07%     45.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43047     44.22%     89.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8990      9.24%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1282      1.32%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          106      0.11%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           17      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           12      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           11      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            8      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97346                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           47                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    4106.659574                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   3978.169957                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1066.864836                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            1      2.13%      2.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            1      2.13%      4.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            3      6.38%     10.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            9     19.15%     29.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            6     12.77%     42.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            1      2.13%     44.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            4      8.51%     53.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            5     10.64%     63.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            3      6.38%     70.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            3      6.38%     76.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            3      6.38%     82.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            2      4.26%     87.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            2      4.26%     91.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            2      4.26%     95.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      2.13%     97.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      2.13%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            47                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           47                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               47    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            47                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4711933500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8290014750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  954155000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24691.66                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43441.66                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       799.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         3.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    800.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      3.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    93584                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     652                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      79646.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                344105160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                182884845                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               675850980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 981360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1596829350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24525600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5215091880                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       101780160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9346743735                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            612.204956                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11702255500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9623500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    265235000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3045831000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11437054625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                350952420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                186543225                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               686689500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2944080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1624542750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24559200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5192165340                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        97715520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9371421075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            613.821304                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11639114000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9576000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    254146500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3108652250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11385109375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1755636                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1755636                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            74289                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1285955                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  54231                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              7741                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1285955                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            750057                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          535898                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        24680                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     818205                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      70009                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       161820                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1193                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1463439                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2821                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1498073                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5179884                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1755636                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            804288                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28911618                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 150458                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1375                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 677                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        23403                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            4                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1460618                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                10261                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      3                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30510379                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.341767                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.471576                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28510953     93.45%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   21936      0.07%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  711790      2.33%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   30884      0.10%     95.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  139315      0.46%     96.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   73683      0.24%     96.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   92308      0.30%     96.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   26324      0.09%     97.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  903186      2.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30510379                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.057496                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.169639                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  749730                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28355655                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1000220                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               329545                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 75229                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8640804                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 75229                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  850782                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27079332                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         15652                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1146683                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1342701                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               8283940                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                72353                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1056497                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                237906                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  2188                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            9902976                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23025874                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        10982712                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            63459                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3667714                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6235261                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               282                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           353                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2053786                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1460688                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              95664                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             6239                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            5054                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7837221                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5238                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5626408                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             7041                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4788649                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10144507                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          5237                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30510379                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.184410                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.798042                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28295957     92.74%     92.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             832504      2.73%     95.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             463208      1.52%     96.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             314331      1.03%     98.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             341609      1.12%     99.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             108324      0.36%     99.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              91487      0.30%     99.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              36155      0.12%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              26804      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30510379                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  15948     71.58%     71.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     71.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     71.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1925      8.64%     80.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     80.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     80.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     80.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     80.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     80.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     80.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     80.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     80.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     80.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     80.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     80.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     80.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     80.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     80.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     80.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     80.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     80.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     80.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     80.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     80.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     80.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     80.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     80.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     80.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3735     16.76%     96.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  389      1.75%     98.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              274      1.23%     99.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               9      0.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            18887      0.34%      0.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4635149     82.38%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 832      0.01%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                17208      0.31%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              23656      0.42%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              851327     15.13%     98.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              74182      1.32%     99.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           5150      0.09%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            17      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5626408                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.184263                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      22280                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003960                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          41732324                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         12578313                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5385637                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              60192                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             52800                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        25998                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5598770                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  31031                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            7880                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       916612                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          197                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            6                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        43694                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           79                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1030                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 75229                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25264692                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               267057                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7842459                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3935                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1460688                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               95664                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1913                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 18460                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                56747                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             6                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         40817                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        42974                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               83791                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5523926                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               817740                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           102482                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      887744                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  647692                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     70004                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.180907                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5432334                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5411635                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4026193                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  6424714                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.177229                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.626673                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4789218                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              1                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            75226                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29839499                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.102341                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.615783                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28591190     95.82%     95.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       555021      1.86%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       140563      0.47%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       353672      1.19%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        71232      0.24%     99.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        41965      0.14%     99.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8853      0.03%     99.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7248      0.02%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        69755      0.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29839499                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1529866                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3053810                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        596046                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       544076                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    518086                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     20786                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3032847                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                9179                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         6204      0.20%      0.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2418514     79.20%     79.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            367      0.01%     79.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           14907      0.49%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         17772      0.58%     80.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         541062     17.72%     98.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         51970      1.70%     99.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         3014      0.10%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3053810                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                69755                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37612772                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   16358926                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            182                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          24309                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1529866                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3053810                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             19.959060                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       19.959060                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.050103                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.050103                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5670201                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4707674                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    45864                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   22898                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3463734                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1513524                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2843587                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           259041                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             395504                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           259041                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.526801                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          780                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3684101                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3684101                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       344517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         344517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        50864                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         50864                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       395381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          395381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       395381                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         395381                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       459778                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       459778                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       460884                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        460884                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       460884                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       460884                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34770765500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34770765500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     61334000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     61334000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34832099500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34832099500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34832099500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34832099500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       804295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       804295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        51970                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        51970                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       856265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       856265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       856265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       856265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.571653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.571653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.021282                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021282                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.538249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.538249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.538249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.538249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75625.117992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75625.117992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 55455.696203                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55455.696203                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75576.716701                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75576.716701                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75576.716701                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75576.716701                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        26680                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              999                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    26.706707                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2587                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2587                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       201830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       201830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       201843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       201843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       201843                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       201843                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       257948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       257948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1093                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1093                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       259041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       259041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       259041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       259041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19219200500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19219200500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     58883500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58883500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19278084000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19278084000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19278084000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19278084000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.320713                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.320713                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.021031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.302524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.302524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74508.042319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74508.042319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53873.284538                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53873.284538                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74420.975830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74420.975830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74420.975830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74420.975830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                 18                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                   18                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5842473                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5842473                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1460617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1460617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1460617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1460617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1460617                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1460617                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       100500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       100500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       100500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1460618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1460618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1460618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1460618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1460618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1460618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       100500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       100500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       100500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        99500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total        99500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total        99500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        99500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        99500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        99500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    190953                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      320776                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    190953                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.679869                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.824982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.047351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.127666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10535                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4505                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4333305                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4333305                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2587                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2587                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               586                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   586                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         67514                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             67514                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                68100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    68100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               68100                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   68100                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             508                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 508                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       190433                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          190433                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             190941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 190942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            190941                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                190942                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     51112000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      51112000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total        98000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18089352000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18089352000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18140464000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18140562000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18140464000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18140562000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2587                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2587                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1094                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1094                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       257947                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        257947                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           259041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               259042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          259041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              259042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.464351                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.464351                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.738264                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.738264                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.737107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.737108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.737107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.737108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100614.173228                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100614.173228                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        98000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94990.637127                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94990.637127                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95005.598588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95005.614270                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95005.598588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95005.614270                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  746                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       746                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          508                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            508                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       190433                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       190433                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        190941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            190942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       190941                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           190942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     46032000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46032000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        88000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        88000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16185012000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16185012000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        88000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16231044000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16231132000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        88000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16231044000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16231132000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.464351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.464351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.738264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.738264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.737107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.737108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.737107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.737108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90614.173228                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90614.173228                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        88000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        88000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84990.584615                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84990.584615                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        88000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85005.546216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85005.561898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        88000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85005.546216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85005.561898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        381873                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       190943                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             190435                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          746                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           190185                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               508                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              508                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        190434                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       572816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       572816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 572816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12268096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12268096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12268096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            190942                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  190942    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              190942                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           450184000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1032892500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       518084                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       259042                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          508                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             23                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           18                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            5                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            257948                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3333                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          446661                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1094                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1094                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       257947                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       777123                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                777126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16744192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16744320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          190953                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     47744                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           449995                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001191                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.034813                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 449464     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    526      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      5      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             449995                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          261630000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         388561500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
