
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10748210264000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              116433260                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                217773364                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              283247860                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    53.90                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6275867657                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11738201271                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          20288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10007488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10027776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        20288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         20288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9927872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9927872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156367                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156684                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155123                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155123                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1328849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         655483227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             656812077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1328849                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1328849                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       650268437                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            650268437                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       650268437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1328849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        655483227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1307080514                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156684                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155123                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156684                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155123                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10027776                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9928192                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10027776                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9927872                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267334000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156684                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155123                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155736                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     607                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     219                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9650                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9707                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9724                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27426                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    727.641216                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   568.064497                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   358.144182                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2161      7.88%      7.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2069      7.54%     15.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1960      7.15%     22.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1845      6.73%     29.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1528      5.57%     34.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1694      6.18%     41.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1080      3.94%     44.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1397      5.09%     50.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13692     49.92%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27426                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9691                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.168507                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.114743                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.667941                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               6      0.06%      0.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             41      0.42%      0.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            87      0.90%      1.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9375     96.74%     98.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           131      1.35%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            29      0.30%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             9      0.09%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             4      0.04%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             1      0.01%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             3      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-59             2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9691                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9691                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.007430                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.006720                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.162369                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9667     99.75%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                3      0.03%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                6      0.06%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                7      0.07%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                5      0.05%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                2      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9691                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2889197500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5827022500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  783420000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18439.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37189.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       656.81                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       650.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    656.81                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    650.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143230                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141156                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48964.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98539140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52374795                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               562089360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              405980280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         751090080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1511312820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             63251040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2076832620                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       330546240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1577034540                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7429050915                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.597463                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11788259125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     42612750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     318320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6373094000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    860854250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3118117000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4554346125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97282500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51706875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               556634400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403787880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         749246160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1517819940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             62753280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2063984250                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       311945760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1595069640                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7410321315                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.370688                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11774147625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     43018500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     317582000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6436525750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    812327625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3131412000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4526478250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1284388                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1284388                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6100                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1276857                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3392                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               717                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1276857                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1243596                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           33261                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4312                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     346271                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1271201                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          756                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2644                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      47582                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          249                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             68275                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5623400                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1284388                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1246988                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30430784                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  12770                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 139                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          998                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            4                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    47418                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1793                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30506588                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.371725                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.634808                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28861380     94.61%     94.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   39194      0.13%     94.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42009      0.14%     94.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  224189      0.73%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   26553      0.09%     95.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8622      0.03%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8762      0.03%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   24658      0.08%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1271221      4.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30506588                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.042063                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.184164                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  404689                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28673402                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   629670                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               792442                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6385                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11282452                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6385                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  677112                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 231582                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         11345                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1148631                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28431533                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11251648                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1165                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17784                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  5230                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28141677                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14345155                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23780410                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12917737                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           305448                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14096511                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  248644                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               108                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           114                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4871013                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              355938                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1278478                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20507                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           15083                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11194807                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                662                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11137192                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1831                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         160177                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       233922                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           552                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30506588                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.365075                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.238547                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27480083     90.08%     90.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             472416      1.55%     91.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             540217      1.77%     93.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             348125      1.14%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             320786      1.05%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1032324      3.38%     98.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             117756      0.39%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             170381      0.56%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              24500      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30506588                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  72544     94.33%     94.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  468      0.61%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   735      0.96%     95.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  186      0.24%     96.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2791      3.63%     99.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             182      0.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4154      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9428770     84.66%     84.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  81      0.00%     84.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  257      0.00%     84.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              82619      0.74%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              302359      2.71%     88.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1234316     11.08%     99.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46449      0.42%     99.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38187      0.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11137192                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.364739                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      76906                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006905                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52486051                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11149628                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10932382                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             373658                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            206204                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       183087                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11021447                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 188497                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2028                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22285                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           51                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          198                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12016                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           17                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          594                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6385                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  56828                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               143210                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11195469                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              807                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               355938                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1278478                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               285                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   377                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               142669                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           198                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1695                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5992                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7687                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11122817                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               346114                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            14375                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1617282                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1259708                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1271168                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.364268                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11118562                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11115469                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8118530                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11365093                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.364028                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.714339                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         160421                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6235                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30480952                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.362039                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.263578                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27545413     90.37%     90.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       340474      1.12%     91.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       323259      1.06%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1118518      3.67%     96.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        69103      0.23%     96.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       696803      2.29%     98.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72344      0.24%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22049      0.07%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       292989      0.96%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30480952                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5452298                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11035292                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1600115                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       333653                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1253506                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    179448                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10938913                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2239      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9351986     84.75%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         80666      0.73%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         289461      2.62%     88.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1228790     11.14%     99.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44192      0.40%     99.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37672      0.34%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11035292                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               292989                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41383676                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   22417515                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            255                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          28101                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5452298                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11035292                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.600334                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.600334                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.178561                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.178561                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12710227                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8439122                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   283817                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  144231                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6285241                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5605702                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4143575                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156422                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1461724                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156422                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.344747                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          922                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6594706                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6594706                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       339422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         339422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1111376                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1111376                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1450798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1450798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1450798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1450798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3659                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3659                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155114                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155114                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158773                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158773                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    344564500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    344564500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13998698996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13998698996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14343263496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14343263496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14343263496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14343263496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       343081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       343081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1266490                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1266490                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1609571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1609571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1609571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1609571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.122476                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.122476                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.098643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.098643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94169.035256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94169.035256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90247.811261                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90247.811261                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90338.177751                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90338.177751                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90338.177751                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90338.177751                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        16796                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          203                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              171                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    98.222222                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   101.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155465                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155465                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2348                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2348                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    139665000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    139665000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13843076996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13843076996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13982741996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13982741996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13982741996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13982741996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003842                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003842                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.122470                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122470                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105967.374810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105967.374810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89248.563869                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89248.563869                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89389.432610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89389.432610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89389.432610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89389.432610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              598                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.999629                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              12962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              598                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            21.675585                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.999629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          206                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          814                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           190273                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          190273                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        46683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          46683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        46683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           46683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        46683                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          46683                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          735                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          735                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45575000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     45575000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45575000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     45575000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45575000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     45575000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        47418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        47418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        47418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        47418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        47418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        47418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62006.802721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62006.802721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62006.802721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62006.802721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62006.802721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62006.802721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           19                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     4.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          598                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              598                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          134                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          134                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38055000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38055000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38055000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38055000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38055000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38055000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63319.467554                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63319.467554                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63319.467554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63319.467554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63319.467554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63319.467554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157201                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157201                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996845                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       57.765735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        34.611098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16291.623166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          961                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9533                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5787                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2669393                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2669393                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155465                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155465                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          596                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              596                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            281                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                281                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            36                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                36                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   55                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 281                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  55                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     336                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          155085                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              155085                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          317                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              317                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1282                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1282                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               317                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156367                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156684                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13610234000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13610234000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34178000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     34178000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    137242500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    137242500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34178000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13747476500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13781654500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34178000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13747476500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13781654500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155465                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155465                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          596                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          596                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155104                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155104                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          598                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            598                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1318                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1318                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999878                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999878                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.530100                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.530100                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.972686                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.972686                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.530100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.530100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87759.834929                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87759.834929                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107817.034700                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107817.034700                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107053.432137                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107053.432137                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107817.034700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87918.016589                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87958.275893                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107817.034700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87918.016589                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87958.275893                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155124                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155124                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155085                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         155085                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          317                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          317                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1282                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1282                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156684                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12059374000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12059374000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31008000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31008000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    124422500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    124422500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31008000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12183796500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12214804500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31008000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12183796500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12214804500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.530100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.530100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.972686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.972686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.530100                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997860                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.530100                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997860                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77759.770448                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77759.770448                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97817.034700                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97817.034700                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97053.432137                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97053.432137                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97817.034700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77917.952637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77958.212070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97817.034700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77917.952637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77958.212070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        313244                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156569                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1599                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155123                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1437                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            155085                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155086                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1599                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       469929                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       469929                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 469929                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19955712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19955712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19955712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156684                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156684    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156684                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           934255000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          823979750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       314046                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157020                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          107                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            754                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          754                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1919                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       310589                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          598                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3034                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           601                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1318                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1797                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       469272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                471069                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        76544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19960768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20037312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157204                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9928128                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           314227                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002740                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.052274                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 313366     99.73%     99.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    861      0.27%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             314227                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          313086000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            901500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         234634999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
