
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1236654874125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               10408523                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 19142751                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               59641133                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248188                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   255.99                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2664444335                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    4900291585                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        3156416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            3161408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       475840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          475840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst              78                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           49319                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               49397                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          7435                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               7435                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            326972                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         206742966                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             207069938                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       326972                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           326972                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        31167176                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             31167176                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        31167176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           326972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        206742966                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            238237114                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       49395                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       7435                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     49395                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     7435                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                3158912                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2496                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  475904                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 3161280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               475840                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     39                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              3118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              3105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              3152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              3078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              3092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              3080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              2943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              2983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              3024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              2944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             2946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             2951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             3224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             3331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             3262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             3125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15266679500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 49395                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 7435                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   37569                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   11721                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    413                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    415                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    415                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    413                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         6832                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    532.065574                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   338.829710                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   396.496743                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1605     23.49%     23.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          580      8.49%     31.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          424      6.21%     38.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1385     20.27%     58.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          220      3.22%     61.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           66      0.97%     62.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           86      1.26%     63.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          121      1.77%     65.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2345     34.32%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         6832                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          414                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     909.169082                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     20.244509                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  17939.788673                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-16383          413     99.76%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::360448-376831            1      0.24%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           414                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          414                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.961353                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.958944                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.284301                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16                8      1.93%      1.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.24%      2.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              404     97.58%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                1      0.24%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           414                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    675525000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              1600987500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  246790000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     13686.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.20                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                32437.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       206.91                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        31.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    207.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     31.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    43729                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    6233                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 88.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                83.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     268637.68                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    87.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 26867820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 14280585                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               175294140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               21020940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1206538320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            754853850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             66498720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3619525080                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1224744480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        732100140                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7841724075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            513.627256                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          13437740000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    113007250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     512318000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2311813250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3189432500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1203237500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7937535625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 21912660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 11646855                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               177121980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               17794980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         931179600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            628572630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             43155360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3156756900                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       764251200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1273798020                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7026350655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            460.220887                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13771641000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     62010000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     395258500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   4863040875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1990277000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1033896750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6922861000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                4895816                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          4895816                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            92879                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             4018029                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 619556                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               188                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        4018029                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2592362                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1425667                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted          756                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    7954289                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1870736                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          917                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          203                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    5325438                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           29                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    4                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           5388513                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      41530149                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    4895816                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3211918                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     25046409                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 186058                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  18                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          156                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  5325411                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                33443                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30528125                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.380559                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.280364                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                17974113     58.88%     58.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  902976      2.96%     61.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1459238      4.78%     66.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  629342      2.06%     68.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  903523      2.96%     71.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1367800      4.48%     76.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  544030      1.78%     77.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  729575      2.39%     80.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 6017528     19.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30528125                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.160336                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.360097                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 3666824                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             17327025                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  5384240                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              4057007                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 93029                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              69752389                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 93029                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 5192950                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                7168018                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles           352                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  7865286                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             10208490                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              69220841                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               283750                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               7917119                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               1224085                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           76605572                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            164042447                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        56394242                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         63651118                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             66130468                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                10475254                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                16                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            16                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 21026784                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             8454996                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1874526                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           360385                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          137161                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  68693083                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                202                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 63892430                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              401                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        8940367                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12949491                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           168                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30528125                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.092904                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.995960                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            8856699     29.01%     29.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            5427802     17.78%     46.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            4960966     16.25%     63.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            4399900     14.41%     77.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2634720      8.63%     86.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1852611      6.07%     92.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1513408      4.96%     97.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             595539      1.95%     99.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             286480      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30528125                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   2528      2.77%      2.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      2.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      2.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                88656     96.99%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   181      0.20%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   25      0.03%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                2      0.00%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              18      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            11075      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             34644354     54.22%     54.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  23      0.00%     54.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   13      0.00%     54.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           19431503     30.41%     84.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             2076914      3.25%     87.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1258759      1.97%     89.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        5857014      9.17%     99.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        612775      0.96%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              63892430                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.092454                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      91410                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001431                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          95052497                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         35669923                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     32189887                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           63352293                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          41963873                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     31491772                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              32252290                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses               31720475                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          355276                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1173931                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           23                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          146                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5833                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           12                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          130                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 93029                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                4286282                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               895811                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           68693285                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               31                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              8454996                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1874526                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                75                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                112584                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               771814                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           146                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         61937                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        31577                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               93514                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             63691870                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              7931999                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           200554                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     9802734                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 4432720                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1870735                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.085886                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      63686654                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     63681659                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 47714317                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 82914701                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.085551                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.575463                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        8940400                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             34                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            92895                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29384799                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.033464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.765280                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     12963219     44.12%     44.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      6476816     22.04%     66.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       909407      3.09%     69.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2474131      8.42%     77.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1367424      4.65%     82.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       600841      2.04%     84.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       356737      1.21%     85.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       469194      1.60%     87.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3767030     12.82%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29384799                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            33630021                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              59752944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       9149754                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7281067                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         20                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4341883                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                  28914046                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 38603792                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              530794                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        10350      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        32461930     54.33%     54.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             22      0.00%     54.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               7      0.00%     54.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      18130881     30.34%     84.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2064355      3.45%     88.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1255985      2.10%     90.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      5216712      8.73%     98.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       612702      1.03%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         59752944                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3767030                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    94311113                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  138530089                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             52                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           6563                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   33630021                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     59752944                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.907959                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.907959                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.101371                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.101371                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                52892028                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               27635412                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 54836515                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                28143370                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 19670842                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                14369474                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               21806483                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            49650                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1034443                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            49650                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            20.834703                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          683                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         37918814                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        37918814                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      7257035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        7257035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1857107                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1857107                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      9114142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         9114142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      9114142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        9114142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       341569                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       341569                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        11580                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        11580                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       353149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        353149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       353149                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       353149                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  22928442500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22928442500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    948486497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    948486497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  23876928997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23876928997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  23876928997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23876928997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      7598604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7598604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1868687                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1868687                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      9467291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      9467291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      9467291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      9467291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.044952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.044952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006197                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006197                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67126.825034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67126.825034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81907.296805                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81907.296805                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67611.486928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67611.486928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67611.486928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67611.486928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2501                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               43                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    58.162791                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        22390                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            22390                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       303499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       303499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       303501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       303501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       303501                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       303501                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        38070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        11578                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11578                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        49648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        49648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3254814000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3254814000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    936795998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    936795998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4191609998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4191609998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4191609998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4191609998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006196                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006196                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005244                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005244                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005244                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005244                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85495.508274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85495.508274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80911.728969                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80911.728969                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84426.562963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84426.562963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84426.562963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84426.562963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements               99                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs               1432                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs               99                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            14.464646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1007                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         21301743                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        21301743                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      5325302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        5325302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      5325302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         5325302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      5325302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        5325302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          109                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          109                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     10082000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10082000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     10082000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10082000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     10082000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10082000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      5325411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5325411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      5325411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      5325411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      5325411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      5325411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 92495.412844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92495.412844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 92495.412844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92495.412844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 92495.412844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92495.412844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks           99                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               99                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9323500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9323500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9323500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9323500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9323500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9323500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 94176.767677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94176.767677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 94176.767677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94176.767677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 94176.767677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94176.767677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     49484                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       49435                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     49484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.999010                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       34.807908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        33.448220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16315.743872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          833                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8353                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    845452                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   845452                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        22390                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            22390                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           99                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               99                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst             21                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 21                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data           323                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               323                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                   21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                  331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                  21                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                 331                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     352                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           11570                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               11570                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst           78                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total               78                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        37747                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           37747                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                 78                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              49317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  49395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                78                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             49317                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 49395                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    919341000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     919341000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8948000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      8948000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3194298000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   3194298000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8948000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4113639000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4122587000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8948000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4113639000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4122587000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        22390                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        22390                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           99                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           99                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         11578                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             11578                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst           99                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total             99                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        38070                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         38070                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst               99                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            49648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                49747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst              99                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           49648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               49747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999309                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999309                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.787879                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.787879                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.991516                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.991516                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.787879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.993333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.992924                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.787879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.993333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.992924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79459.031979                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79459.031979                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 114717.948718                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114717.948718                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84623.890640                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84623.890640                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 114717.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83412.190523                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83461.625671                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 114717.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83412.190523                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83461.625671                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 7435                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      7435                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        11570                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          11570                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           78                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        37747                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        37747                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            78                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         49317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             49395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           78                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        49317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            49395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    803641000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    803641000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8168000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8168000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2816808000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2816808000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8168000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3620449000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3628617000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8168000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3620449000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3628617000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.787879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.787879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.991516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.787879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.993333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.992924                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.787879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.993333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.992924                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69459.031979                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69459.031979                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 104717.948718                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104717.948718                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74623.360797                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74623.360797                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 104717.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73411.784983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73461.220771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 104717.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73411.784983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73461.220771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         98830                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        49435                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              37827                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7435                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            42000                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             11570                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            11570                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         37825                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       148227                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       148227                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 148227                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3637248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      3637248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3637248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             49395                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   49395    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               49395                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           141070000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          260389000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        99496                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        49751                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            9                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             53                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           53                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             38171                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        29825                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           99                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           69309                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            11578                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           11578                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            99                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        38070                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          297                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       148948                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                149245                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        12672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4610560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                4623232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           49484                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    475840                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            99231                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000645                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.025388                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  99167     99.94%     99.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     64      0.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              99231                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           72237000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            148999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          74475000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
