
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10687140887500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               66317207                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                124001149                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              161900257                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    94.30                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6253771579                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11693420970                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          19904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9970560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            9990464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        19904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         19904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9893248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9893248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             311                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          155790                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156101                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        154582                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             154582                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1303698                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         653064470                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             654368168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1303698                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1303698                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       648000590                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            648000590                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       648000590                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1303698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        653064470                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1302368758                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156100                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     154582                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156100                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   154582                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                9990400                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9893120                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 9990400                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9893248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267409000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156100                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               154582                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155199                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     581                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     211                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      96                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9661                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9662                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9683                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27393                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    725.868361                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   559.201566                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   363.013298                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2330      8.51%      8.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2215      8.09%     16.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1863      6.80%     23.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1667      6.09%     29.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1362      4.97%     34.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1502      5.48%     39.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1237      4.52%     44.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1727      6.30%     50.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13490     49.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27393                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9656                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.165907                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.114747                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.640320                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               3      0.03%      0.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             42      0.43%      0.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            81      0.84%      1.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9355     96.88%     98.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           129      1.34%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            29      0.30%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             5      0.05%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             2      0.02%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             1      0.01%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             2      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-83             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9656                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9656                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.008699                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.007790                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.186346                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9629     99.72%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                3      0.03%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               10      0.10%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                5      0.05%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                3      0.03%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                4      0.04%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9656                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2887455500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5814330500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  780500000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18497.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37247.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       654.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       647.99                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    654.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    648.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142629                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  140659                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49141.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98553420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52389975                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               560554260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              404957160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         750475440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1506788730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             63842400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2084228940                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       322301760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1580857980                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7425157275                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.342432                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11744816750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     43342000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     318090000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6386266250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    839309000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3109701375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4570635500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97032600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51570255                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               554006880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              401950440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         738797280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1479555270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             65078880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2070622470                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       303253920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1611828060                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7373696055                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            482.971760                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11853036625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     44188000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     313114000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6522649250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    789729625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3056972750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4540690500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1323947                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1323947                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6208                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1316467                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3517                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               740                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1316467                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1282928                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           33539                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4309                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     346449                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1310385                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          703                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2637                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      47683                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          204                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             66859                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5783004                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1323947                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1286445                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30431842                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  12850                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  85                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          910                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    47566                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1779                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30506121                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.382184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.657798                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28821032     94.48%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   39076      0.13%     94.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42181      0.14%     94.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  223982      0.73%     95.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   26689      0.09%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8663      0.03%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8923      0.03%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   24640      0.08%     95.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1310935      4.30%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30506121                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043359                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.189391                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  421821                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28616004                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   631592                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               830279                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6425                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11600131                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6425                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  696352                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 222120                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         12598                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1186312                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28382314                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11568901                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1282                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17663                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4926                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28090969                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14742312                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24455204                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13276655                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           305049                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14488664                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  253648                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               116                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           126                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  5027254                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              356181                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1317661                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20606                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           18390                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11510052                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                741                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11451525                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1742                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         161778                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       237188                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           631                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30506121                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.375385                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.253188                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27402436     89.83%     89.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             467733      1.53%     91.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             562984      1.85%     93.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             347166      1.14%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             338519      1.11%     95.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1077681      3.53%     98.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             117766      0.39%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             167439      0.55%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              24397      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30506121                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  72401     94.32%     94.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  419      0.55%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   801      1.04%     95.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  179      0.23%     96.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2781      3.62%     99.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             183      0.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4110      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9703886     84.74%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  80      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  269      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              82513      0.72%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              302655      2.64%     88.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1273476     11.12%     99.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46339      0.40%     99.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38197      0.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11451525                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.375033                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      76764                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006703                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          53114607                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11467259                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11246475                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             373070                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            205498                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       182856                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11336004                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 188175                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2031                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22529                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           42                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          199                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11983                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           12                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          616                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6425                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  51613                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               137247                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11510793                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              757                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               356181                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1317661                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               321                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   404                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               136680                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           199                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1784                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5957                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7741                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11436748                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               346294                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            14777                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1656643                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1298942                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1310349                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.374549                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11432419                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11429331                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8352295                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11723509                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.374306                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.712440                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         162032                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6284                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30480341                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.372339                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.277080                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27467304     90.11%     90.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       337156      1.11%     91.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       322072      1.06%     92.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1160783      3.81%     96.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        66110      0.22%     96.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       742626      2.44%     98.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72237      0.24%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22050      0.07%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       290003      0.95%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30480341                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5609160                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11349015                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1639330                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       333652                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1292722                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    179446                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11252637                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2239      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9626495     84.82%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         80665      0.71%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         289461      2.55%     88.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1268006     11.17%     99.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44191      0.39%     99.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37672      0.33%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11349015                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               290003                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41701385                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   23048333                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            280                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          28568                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5609160                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11349015                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.443719                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.443719                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.183698                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.183698                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13064039                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8674895                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   283343                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  144007                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6481252                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5762803                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4261359                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           155843                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1502069                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           155843                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.638348                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          922                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6751811                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6751811                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       339694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         339694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1151140                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1151140                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1490834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1490834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1490834                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1490834                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154566                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154566                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158158                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158158                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    340652000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    340652000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13958606499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13958606499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14299258499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14299258499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14299258499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14299258499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       343286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       343286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1305706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1305706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1648992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1648992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1648992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1648992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.118377                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.118377                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.095912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.095912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94836.302895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94836.302895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90308.389290                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90308.389290                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90411.224845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90411.224845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90411.224845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90411.224845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        14072                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          212                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              160                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    87.950000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          106                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154809                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154809                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2310                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2310                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154560                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154560                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    136316500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    136316500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13803559499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13803559499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13939875999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13939875999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13939875999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13939875999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.118373                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.118373                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.094511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.094511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.094511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.094511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105835.791925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105835.791925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89308.744171                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89308.744171                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89445.331342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89445.331342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89445.331342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89445.331342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              578                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1018.999441                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              12109                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            20.949827                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1018.999441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          818                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           190847                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          190847                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        46853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          46853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        46853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           46853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        46853                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          46853                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          713                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          713                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          713                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          713                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46067500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     46067500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46067500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     46067500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46067500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     46067500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        47566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        47566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        47566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        47566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        47566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        47566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64610.799439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64610.799439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64610.799439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64610.799439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64610.799439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64610.799439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           58                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           58                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          578                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              578                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          130                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          130                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          583                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          583                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37789000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37789000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37789000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37789000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37789000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37789000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012257                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012257                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012257                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012257                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64818.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64818.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64818.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64818.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64818.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64818.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156605                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156605                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996897                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       59.025830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        35.526866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16289.447304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          955                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5894                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2659213                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2659213                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154809                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154809                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          576                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              576                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            268                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                268                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            35                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                35                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   54                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 268                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  54                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     322                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154536                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154536                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          311                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              311                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1253                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1253                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             155789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               311                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            155789                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156100                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13571517500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13571517500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34078500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     34078500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    133958500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    133958500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34078500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13705476000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13739554500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34078500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13705476000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13739554500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154809                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154809                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          576                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          576                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154555                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154555                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          579                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            579                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1288                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1288                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           155843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          155843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999877                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999877                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.537133                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.537133                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.972826                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.972826                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.537133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.537133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87821.074054                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87821.074054                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109577.170418                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109577.170418                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106910.215483                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106910.215483                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109577.170418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87974.606680                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88017.645740                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109577.170418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87974.606680                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88017.645740                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               154583                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    154583                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154536                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154536                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          311                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          311                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1253                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1253                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        155789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12026147500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12026147500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30968500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30968500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    121428500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    121428500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30968500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12147576000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12178544500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30968500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12147576000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12178544500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.537133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.537133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.972826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.972826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.537133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.537133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77821.009344                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77821.009344                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99577.170418                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99577.170418                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96910.215483                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96910.215483                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99577.170418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77974.542490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78017.581678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99577.170418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77974.542490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78017.581678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        312077                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       155989                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1564                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       154582                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1395                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154536                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154537                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1564                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       468178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       468178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 468178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19883712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19883712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19883712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156100                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156100    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156100                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           930927500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          821003500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       312852                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156403                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          129                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            735                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          735                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1871                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       309392                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          578                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3056                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154555                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154555                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           583                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1288                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1740                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       467539                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                469279                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        74048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19881728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19955776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156609                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9893568                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           313036                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002699                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.051885                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 312191     99.73%     99.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    845      0.27%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             313036                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          311813000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            874500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         233767499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
