
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               122138753000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 729185                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1367889                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               39940821                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1218964                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   382.25                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   278730408                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     522874178                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         252608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             252736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       213248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          213248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            3947                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3949                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3332                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3332                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16545641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16554025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        13967590                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             13967590                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        13967590                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16545641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             30521615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3949                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3332                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3949                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3332                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 252736                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  213568                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  252736                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               213248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267449000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3949                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3332                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3946                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4643                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    100.404049                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    77.129063                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   132.594039                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4031     86.82%     86.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          305      6.57%     93.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           87      1.87%     95.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           69      1.49%     96.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           56      1.21%     97.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           27      0.58%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           25      0.54%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           15      0.32%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           28      0.60%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4643                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          187                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      21.128342                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     20.711151                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      4.690943                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17            12      6.42%      6.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19            84     44.92%     51.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21            34     18.18%     69.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23            12      6.42%     75.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25            25     13.37%     89.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27             8      4.28%     93.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29             2      1.07%     94.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31             1      0.53%     95.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             1      0.53%     95.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             1      0.53%     96.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-37             2      1.07%     97.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::38-39             4      2.14%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-41             1      0.53%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           187                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          187                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.844920                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.835932                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.551160                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               14      7.49%      7.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                3      1.60%      9.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              168     89.84%     98.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                2      1.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           187                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    263800000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               337843750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   19745000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     66801.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                85551.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        13.99                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.55                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     13.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       66                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2575                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                77.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2096889.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    36.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 21562800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 11453310                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                18092760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               10481760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1258168080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            503627490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             46420320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3381146520                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      2155993920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        371155380                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7778953050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            509.515800                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14038454375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     70650000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     533756000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1010742750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5614585000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     622687750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7414922625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 11602500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  6166875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                10103100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                6937380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         930564960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            357146040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             32757600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2216475780                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1917289920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1172024280                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             6661363035                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            436.314462                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14375337875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     46342750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     394660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   4544522000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4993013375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     428096750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4860709250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13265778                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13265778                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1087559                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11180374                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 999302                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            207855                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11180374                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3661553                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7518821                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       788039                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10066605                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7485576                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       124004                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        39598                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    9031140                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        15707                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9758200                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59774018                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13265778                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4660855                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19600023                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2194188                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                8412                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        70678                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  9015433                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               264309                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534407                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.743144                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.575669                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12295765     40.27%     40.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  875636      2.87%     43.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1260569      4.13%     47.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1424001      4.66%     51.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1104772      3.62%     55.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1119855      3.67%     59.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1054857      3.45%     62.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  913209      2.99%     65.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10485743     34.34%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534407                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.434449                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.957577                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8650253                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4170016                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15654825                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               962219                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1097094                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108780268                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1097094                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9413196                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3262217                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          7786                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15786361                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles               967753                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103755570                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                   60                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 66013                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    42                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                846657                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          110379780                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            261056406                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       155796959                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3201873                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             68592071                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                41787751                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               809                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1001                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   949876                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11960869                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8848800                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           513159                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          199324                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  93467745                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              50819                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 83476006                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           437140                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       29290367                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42294663                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         50795                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534407                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.733834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.522513                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9703248     31.78%     31.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2868232      9.39%     41.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3112293     10.19%     51.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3110256     10.19%     61.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3159648     10.35%     71.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2796955      9.16%     81.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3084939     10.10%     91.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1671269      5.47%     96.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1027567      3.37%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534407                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 807846     73.86%     73.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                13281      1.21%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 98739      9.03%     84.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                86781      7.93%     92.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              297      0.03%     92.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           86770      7.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           519489      0.62%      0.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             63192900     75.70%     76.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               69618      0.08%     76.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                86452      0.10%     76.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1173105      1.41%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10216386     12.24%     90.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7543466      9.04%     99.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         400085      0.48%     99.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        274505      0.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              83476006                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.733809                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1093714                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013102                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         195070307                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119723679                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     77952246                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3946972                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3086359                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1791234                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              82058415                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                1991816                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1279980                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4254648                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        11195                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2991                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2522634                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           73                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1097094                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3325034                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 3194                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           93518564                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            16487                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11960869                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8848800                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             17972                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    54                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 3195                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2991                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        304929                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1130249                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1435178                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             80891943                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             10060373                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2584069                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17539369                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8748028                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7478996                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.649182                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      80343420                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     79743480                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 55712334                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 87201756                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.611570                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.638890                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       29290742                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             24                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1096388                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26113327                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.459596                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.735982                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9276149     35.52%     35.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3813189     14.60%     50.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2638683     10.10%     60.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3562358     13.64%     73.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1156753      4.43%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1142959      4.38%     82.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       803754      3.08%     85.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       469588      1.80%     87.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3249894     12.45%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26113327                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            33915180                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              64228228                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      14032391                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7706225                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7446972                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1315467                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 63240075                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              467237                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       261983      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        48812413     76.00%     76.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          51183      0.08%     76.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           76566      0.12%     76.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        993692      1.55%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7428223     11.57%     89.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6326166      9.85%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       278002      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         64228228                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3249894                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   116382403                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  191549263                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             29                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            282                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   33915180                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     64228228                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.900325                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.900325                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.110710                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.110710                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               116913992                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               62518432                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2524253                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1250806                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 40562334                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21273615                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35543927                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             4728                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             393401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4728                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            83.206641                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          521                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         59972416                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        59972416                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8659317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8659317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6325983                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6325983                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     14985300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        14985300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     14985300                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       14985300                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3247                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3247                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3375                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3375                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         6622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          6622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         6622                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         6622                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    133835500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    133835500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    483809000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    483809000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    617644500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    617644500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    617644500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    617644500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8662564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8662564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6329358                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6329358                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     14991922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14991922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     14991922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14991922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000533                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000533                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 41218.201417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41218.201417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 143350.814815                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 143350.814815                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93271.594684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93271.594684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93271.594684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93271.594684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3623                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3623                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         1873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         1893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         1893                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1893                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3355                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3355                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     77269000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77269000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    478130000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    478130000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    555399000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    555399000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    555399000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    555399000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000530                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000530                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000315                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000315                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000315                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000315                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 56236.535662                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56236.535662                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 142512.667660                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 142512.667660                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 117445.337281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117445.337281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 117445.337281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117445.337281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1232                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.000005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             189390                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1232                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           153.725649                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.000005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1007                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         36062965                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        36062965                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      9014168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        9014168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      9014168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         9014168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      9014168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        9014168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1265                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1265                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16386000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16386000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16386000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16386000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16386000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16386000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      9015433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9015433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      9015433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      9015433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      9015433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      9015433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12953.359684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12953.359684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12953.359684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12953.359684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12953.359684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12953.359684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1232                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1232                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14945500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14945500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14945500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14945500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14945500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14945500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12121.248986                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12121.248986                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12121.248986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12121.248986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12121.248986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12121.248986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      3954                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        5322                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3954                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.345979                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       33.005967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        28.454803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16322.539230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.996249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2314                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13813                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     99274                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    99274                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3623                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3623                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1232                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1232                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1230                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1230                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data           777                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               777                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                  781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1230                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                 781                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2011                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3351                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3351                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          596                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             596                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               3947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              3947                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3949                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    473133000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     473133000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       179500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       179500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     66910000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     66910000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       179500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    540043000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        540222500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       179500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    540043000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       540222500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3623                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3623                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1232                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1232                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3355                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3355                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1232                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1232                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1373                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1373                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1232                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             4728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 5960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1232                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            4728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                5960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998808                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.998808                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001623                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.001623                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.434086                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.434086                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.001623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.834814                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.662584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.001623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.834814                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.662584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 141191.584602                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 141191.584602                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        89750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 112265.100671                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112265.100671                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 136823.663542                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 136799.822740                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 136823.663542                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 136799.822740                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3332                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3332                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3351                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3351                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          596                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          596                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          3947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3947                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    439623000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    439623000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       159500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       159500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     60950000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60950000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       159500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    500573000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    500732500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       159500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    500573000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    500732500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.434086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001623                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.834814                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.662584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.834814                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.662584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 131191.584602                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131191.584602                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        79750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102265.100671                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102265.100671                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 126823.663542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126799.822740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 126823.663542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126799.822740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7886                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3938                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                598                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3332                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              605                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3351                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3351                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           598                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        11835                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        11835                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11835                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       465984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       465984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  465984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3949                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3949    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3949                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            22181500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21730250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        11922                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         5962                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            8                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             19                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           19                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2606                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6955                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1232                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1727                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3355                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3355                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1233                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1373                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3697                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        14186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 17883                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       157696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       534464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 692160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            3955                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    213312                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples             9916                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002925                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.054003                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                   9887     99.71%     99.71% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     29      0.29%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total               9916                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           10816000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1849500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           7092500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
