
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10717675575750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              114664879                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                214435135                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              279432542                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    54.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6264938238                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11716081800                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          20096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9973952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            9994048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        20096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         20096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9879936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9879936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             314                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          155843                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156157                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        154374                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             154374                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1316273                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         653286644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             654602917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1316273                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1316273                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       647128664                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            647128664                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       647128664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1316273                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        653286644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1301731581                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156157                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     154374                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156157                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   154374                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                9994048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9880128                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 9994048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9879936                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267303000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156157                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               154374                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155227                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     609                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     219                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      87                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9604                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9650                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9651                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9659                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9653                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9659                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9667                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27532                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    721.836409                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   560.033928                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   361.366273                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2100      7.63%      7.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2466      8.96%     16.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1997      7.25%     23.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1733      6.29%     30.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1341      4.87%     35.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1499      5.44%     40.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1461      5.31%     45.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1507      5.47%     51.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13428     48.77%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27532                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9642                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.195810                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.132559                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.907473                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               5      0.05%      0.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             34      0.35%      0.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            85      0.88%      1.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9329     96.75%     98.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           136      1.41%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            29      0.30%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             7      0.07%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             3      0.03%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             1      0.01%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             1      0.01%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             4      0.04%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             3      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::60-63             1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             2      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-83             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9642                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9642                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.010890                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.009604                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.223562                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9614     99.71%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.02%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                4      0.04%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                9      0.09%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                6      0.06%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                3      0.03%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24                2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9642                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2887295750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5815239500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  780785000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18489.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37239.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       654.60                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       647.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    654.60                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    647.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142615                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  140387                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49165.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.13                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98781900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52507620                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               561789480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              404722260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         751704720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1519699230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             62195040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2092992690                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       318233760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1571918100                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7434578010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.959484                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11733793500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     42130000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     318568000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6354000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    828691750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3134043375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4589911000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97789440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51972525                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               553164360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              401120460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         742485120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1485421710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             62939520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2072523420                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       316715040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1601216100                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7385459715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            483.742271                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11845741375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     41181500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     314716000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6475903250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    824779000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3065705250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4545059125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1303366                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1303366                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6045                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1295958                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3295                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               717                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1295958                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1262965                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           32993                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4261                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     442902                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1290535                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          689                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2641                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      47199                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          189                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             68043                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5794307                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1303366                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1266260                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30431403                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  12542                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  84                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          745                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    47089                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1821                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30506549                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.386167                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.651234                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28733887     94.19%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   51187      0.17%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   54147      0.18%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  302623      0.99%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   32663      0.11%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8485      0.03%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8820      0.03%     95.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   30613      0.10%     95.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1284124      4.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30506549                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.042685                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.189761                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  403687                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28619538                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   687617                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               789436                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6271                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11722902                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6271                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  686724                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 230290                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         10474                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1192993                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28379797                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11692693                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1195                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17502                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4828                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28079657                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           15017684                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24583167                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13473287                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           303645                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14774372                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  243312                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               104                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           106                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4840885                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              452248                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1297702                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20468                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           16811                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11636889                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                631                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11581038                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1810                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         156581                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       227196                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           521                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30506549                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.379625                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.272960                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27400525     89.82%     89.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             489612      1.60%     91.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             543336      1.78%     93.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             353164      1.16%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             301614      0.99%     95.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1032910      3.39%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             153994      0.50%     99.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             200860      0.66%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              30534      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30506549                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  96682     95.66%     95.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     95.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     95.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  470      0.47%     96.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     96.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     96.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     96.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     96.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     96.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     96.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     96.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     96.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     96.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     96.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     96.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     96.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     96.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     96.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     96.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     96.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     96.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     96.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     96.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     96.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     96.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     96.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     96.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     96.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     96.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     96.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   758      0.75%     96.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  193      0.19%     97.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2783      2.75%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             180      0.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4080      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9756855     84.25%     84.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  82      0.00%     84.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  265      0.00%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              82535      0.71%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              399056      3.45%     88.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1253599     10.82%     99.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46387      0.40%     99.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38179      0.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11581038                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.379275                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     101066                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.008727                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          53398444                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11589804                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11376671                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             373057                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            204484                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       182828                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11489826                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 188198                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2018                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        21848                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           47                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          196                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11785                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           18                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          601                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6271                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  53237                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               142542                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11637520                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              820                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               452248                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1297702                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               277                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   388                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               141984                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           196                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1639                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5914                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7553                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11566724                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               442753                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            14314                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1733254                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1279102                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1290501                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.378806                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11562433                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11559499                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8465169                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11703730                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.378569                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.723288                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         156791                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6124                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30481476                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.376653                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.309840                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27484173     90.17%     90.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       364414      1.20%     91.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       322141      1.06%     92.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1125414      3.69%     96.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        63398      0.21%     96.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       637350      2.09%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        96443      0.32%     98.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        28143      0.09%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       360000      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30481476                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5626774                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11480939                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1716317                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       430400                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1272938                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    179446                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11384560                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1050                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2240      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9681431     84.33%     84.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         80665      0.70%     85.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         386209      3.36%     88.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1248245     10.87%     99.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44191      0.38%     99.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37672      0.33%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11480939                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               360000                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41759206                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   23300984                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            266                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          28139                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5626774                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11480939                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.426678                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.426678                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.184275                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.184275                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13270926                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8844650                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   283285                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  143973                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6382484                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5876506                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4297968                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           155914                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1616432                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           155914                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.367459                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          916                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7058806                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7058806                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       436146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         436146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1131329                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1131329                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1567475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1567475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1567475                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1567475                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154616                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154616                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158248                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158248                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    338332000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    338332000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13961965998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13961965998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14300297998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14300297998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14300297998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14300297998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       439778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       439778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1285945                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1285945                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1725723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1725723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1725723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1725723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.008259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.120235                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.120235                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.091700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.091700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.091700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.091700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93153.083700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93153.083700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90300.913217                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90300.913217                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90366.374286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90366.374286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90366.374286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90366.374286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        14158                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          215                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              155                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    91.341935                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   107.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154964                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154964                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2331                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2331                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154607                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154607                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    137110500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    137110500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13806628998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13806628998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13943739498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13943739498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13943739498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13943739498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.120228                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120228                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.090349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.090349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104664.503817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104664.503817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89301.448175                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89301.448175                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89430.527127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89430.527127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89430.527127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89430.527127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              582                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.358981                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              12593                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            21.637457                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.358981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          818                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           188942                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          188942                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        46362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          46362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        46362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           46362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        46362                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          46362                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          727                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          727                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     47038000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47038000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     47038000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47038000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     47038000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47038000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        47089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        47089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        47089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        47089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        47089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        47089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64701.513067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64701.513067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64701.513067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64701.513067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64701.513067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64701.513067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           44                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           44                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          582                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              582                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          141                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          141                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37744000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37744000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37744000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37744000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37744000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37744000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012445                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012445                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64409.556314                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64409.556314                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64409.556314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64409.556314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64409.556314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64409.556314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156653                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156160                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996853                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       58.138020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        36.682343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16289.179637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          955                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9515                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5806                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2660477                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2660477                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154964                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154964                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          582                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              582                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            270                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                270                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            46                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                46                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   71                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 270                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  71                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     341                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154579                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154579                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          314                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              314                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1264                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1264                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             155843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               314                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            155843                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156157                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13574400500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13574400500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34013500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     34013500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    134592000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    134592000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34013500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13708992500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13743006000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34013500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13708992500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13743006000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154964                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154964                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          582                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          582                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154604                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154604                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          584                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            584                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1310                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1310                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           155914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          155914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999838                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999838                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.537671                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.537671                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.964885                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.964885                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.537671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.537671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87815.295092                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87815.295092                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108323.248408                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108323.248408                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106481.012658                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106481.012658                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108323.248408                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87966.687628                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88007.620536                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108323.248408                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87966.687628                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88007.620536                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               154374                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    154374                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154579                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154579                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          314                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          314                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1264                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1264                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        155843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155843                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12028610500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12028610500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30873500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30873500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    121952000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    121952000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30873500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12150562500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12181436000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30873500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12150562500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12181436000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.537671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.537671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.964885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.964885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.537671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997821                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.537671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997821                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77815.295092                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77815.295092                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98323.248408                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98323.248408                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96481.012658                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96481.012658                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98323.248408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77966.687628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78007.620536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98323.248408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77966.687628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78007.620536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        312171                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156026                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1578                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       154374                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1640                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154579                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154579                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1578                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       468328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       468328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 468328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19873984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19873984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19873984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156157                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156157    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156157                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           930183000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          821275000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       312999                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156497                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          106                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            752                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          752                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1896                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       309338                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          582                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3229                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154604                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154604                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           586                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1310                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1752                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       467748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                469500                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        74624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19896192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19970816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156655                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9880064                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           313156                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002740                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.052272                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 312298     99.73%     99.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    858      0.27%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             313156                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          312045500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            879000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         233872500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
