
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10763477608125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              113957081                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                213158430                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              276970385                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    55.12                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6281615332                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11749857525                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          26944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9966336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            9993280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        26944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         26944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9920128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9920128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             421                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          155724                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156145                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155002                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155002                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1764813                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         652787801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             654552614                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1764813                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1764813                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       649761211                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            649761211                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       649761211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1764813                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        652787801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1304313824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156145                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155002                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156145                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155002                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                9993280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9920384                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 9993280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9920128                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             10091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267372000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156145                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155002                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  154922                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     776                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     308                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9678                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9679                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27703                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    718.836227                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   552.754728                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   365.134900                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2199      7.94%      7.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2671      9.64%     17.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2007      7.24%     24.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1474      5.32%     30.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1411      5.09%     35.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1378      4.97%     40.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1520      5.49%     45.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1541      5.56%     51.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13502     48.74%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27703                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9682                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.127763                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.069710                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.700512                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7              14      0.14%      0.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             46      0.48%      0.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           104      1.07%      1.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9359     96.66%     98.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           118      1.22%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            21      0.22%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             7      0.07%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             5      0.05%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             2      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-59             1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::60-63             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9682                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9682                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.009709                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.008831                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.179834                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9649     99.66%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                5      0.05%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                7      0.07%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               12      0.12%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                7      0.07%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9682                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2893222000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5820940750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  780725000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18529.07                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37279.07                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       654.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       649.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    654.55                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    649.76                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142551                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  140897                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49068.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                100017120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 53164155                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               561646680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              406789380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         757236480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1523472060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             62703360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2094348720                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       326928960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1565675460                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7452083565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            488.106085                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11697048750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     43550250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     320932000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6318630125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    851352250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3139912000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4592967500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97782300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51968730                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               553228620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              402341940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         748016880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1500639000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             62587680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2073518640                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       323994720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1589457780                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7403635770                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            484.932789                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11813316250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     41891500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     317044000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6422327750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    843755000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3095085000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4547240875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1320857                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1320857                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7688                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1310406                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4032                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               877                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1310406                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1268827                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           41579                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5431                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     477542                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1304824                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          779                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2602                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      63928                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          266                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   58                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             89668                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5965799                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1320857                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1272859                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30398392                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  16038                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 149                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1215                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    63764                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2318                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30497443                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.394797                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.667208                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28681005     94.04%     94.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   53859      0.18%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   57506      0.19%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  306105      1.00%     95.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   36262      0.12%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   11876      0.04%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   11951      0.04%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   34050      0.11%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1304829      4.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30497443                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043258                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.195378                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  426413                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28550922                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   711270                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               800819                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  8019                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11966603                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  8019                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  707864                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 278892                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         14618                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1229171                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28258879                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11927687                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1864                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 25871                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  7097                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              27951514                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           15302878                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             25172734                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13757368                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           447608                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14986895                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  315983                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               143                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           151                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4828057                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              489611                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1314068                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            30299                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           25177                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11855785                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                849                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11782835                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2076                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         200380                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       296443                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           701                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30497443                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.386355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.284572                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27337231     89.64%     89.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             504067      1.65%     91.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             547995      1.80%     93.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             361086      1.18%     94.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             314662      1.03%     95.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1029333      3.38%     98.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             160969      0.53%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             208407      0.68%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              33693      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30497443                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  98661     94.02%     94.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  641      0.61%     94.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  1092      1.04%     95.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  228      0.22%     95.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             4106      3.91%     99.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             208      0.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             5563      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9866850     83.74%     83.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  91      0.00%     83.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  352      0.00%     83.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             122773      1.04%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              411667      3.49%     88.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1252546     10.63%     98.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          69194      0.59%     99.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         53799      0.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11782835                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.385884                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     104936                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.008906                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          53620788                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11757843                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11486043                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             549337                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            299421                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       269434                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11605116                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 277092                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2499                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28192                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           46                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          265                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14860                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           22                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          681                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  8019                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  74980                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               164595                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11856634                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             1035                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               489611                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1314068                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               370                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   567                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               163776                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           265                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2115                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7526                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9641                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11764743                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               477313                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            18092                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1782092                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1289981                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1304779                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.385291                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11759298                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11755477                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8613442                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11932670                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.384988                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.721837                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         200609                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7826                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30465585                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.382604                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324255                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27428677     90.03%     90.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       382598      1.26%     91.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       326882      1.07%     92.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1121143      3.68%     96.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        70426      0.23%     96.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       627884      2.06%     98.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        98953      0.32%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        30555      0.10%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       378467      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30465585                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5747675                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11656254                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1760627                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       461419                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1282357                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    265043                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11512443                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1227                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3226      0.03%      0.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9771660     83.83%     83.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             74      0.00%     83.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             276      0.00%     83.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        120391      1.03%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         395259      3.39%     88.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1246018     10.69%     98.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        66160      0.57%     99.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        53190      0.46%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11656254                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               378467                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41943981                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   23746154                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            338                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          37245                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5747675                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11656254                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.312529                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.312529                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.188234                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.188234                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13495155                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8944155                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   419258                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  214661                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6433516                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5943857                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4370841                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           155776                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1504299                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           155776                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.656808                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          823                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7248036                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7248036                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       468850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         468850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1145185                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1145185                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1614035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1614035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1614035                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1614035                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154063                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154063                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       159030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        159030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       159030                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       159030                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    460286000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    460286000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13908799999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13908799999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14369085999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14369085999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14369085999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14369085999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       473817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       473817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1299248                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1299248                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1773065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1773065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1773065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1773065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.118579                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.118579                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.089692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.089692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.089692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.089692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92668.814174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92668.814174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90279.950403                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90279.950403                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90354.562026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90354.562026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90354.562026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90354.562026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        19473                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          300                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              214                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    90.995327                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          100                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154476                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154476                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3250                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3250                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154054                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154054                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155780                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155780                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    183288500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    183288500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13753974499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13753974499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13937262999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13937262999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13937262999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13937262999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.118572                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.118572                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.087859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.087859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106192.641947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106192.641947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89280.216671                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89280.216671                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89467.601740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89467.601740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89467.601740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89467.601740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              784                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.999151                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             291423                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              784                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           371.713010                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.999151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          794                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           255844                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          255844                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        62812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          62812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        62812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           62812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        62812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          62812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          952                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          952                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     60268500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     60268500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     60268500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     60268500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     60268500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     60268500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        63764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        63764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        63764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        63764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        63764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        63764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63307.247899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63307.247899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63307.247899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63307.247899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63307.247899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63307.247899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     6.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          784                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              784                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          164                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          164                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     50772000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50772000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     50772000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50772000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     50772000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50772000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012358                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012358                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012358                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012358                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64431.472081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64431.472081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64431.472081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64431.472081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64431.472081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64431.472081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156823                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156395                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156823                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997271                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       59.563540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        36.386556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16288.049904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          824                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8781                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6688                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2661551                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2661551                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154476                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154476                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          782                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              782                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            363                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                363                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            35                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                35                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   52                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 363                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  52                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     415                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154033                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154033                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          421                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              421                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1691                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1691                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             155724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               421                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            155724                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156145                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13522567000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13522567000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45743500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     45743500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    180244000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    180244000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45743500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13702811000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13748554500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45743500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13702811000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13748554500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154476                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154476                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          782                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          782                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154050                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154050                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          784                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            784                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1726                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1726                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           155776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          155776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999890                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999890                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.536990                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.536990                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.979722                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.979722                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.536990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.536990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87790.064467                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87790.064467                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108654.394299                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108654.394299                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106590.183323                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106590.183323                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108654.394299                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87994.214122                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88049.918345                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108654.394299                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87994.214122                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88049.918345                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155001                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155001                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154033                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154033                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          421                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          421                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1691                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1691                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        155724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          421                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11982247000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11982247000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41533500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41533500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    163334000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    163334000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41533500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12145581000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12187114500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41533500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12145581000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12187114500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.536990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.536990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.979722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.979722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.536990                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.536990                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77790.129388                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77790.129388                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98654.394299                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98654.394299                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96590.183323                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96590.183323                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98654.394299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77994.278339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78049.982388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98654.394299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77994.278339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78049.982388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        312413                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156287                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2112                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155002                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1266                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154033                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154032                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          2112                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       468557                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       468557                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 468557                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19913344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19913344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19913344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156145                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156145    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156145                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           933121500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          821134500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       313128                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156560                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          149                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            650                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          650                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2514                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       309477                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          784                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3122                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154050                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154050                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           788                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1726                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       467336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                469692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       100352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19856128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19956480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156827                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9920320                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           313391                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002550                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.050429                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 312592     99.75%     99.75% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    799      0.25%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             313391                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          311824000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1182000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         233667996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
