
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2519111780625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               16761377                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 30934749                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               48166592                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   316.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5312846355                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9805373898                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1322432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1322560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1059200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1059200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           20663                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               20665                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         16550                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              16550                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          86618340                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              86626724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        69376834                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             69376834                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        69376834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         86618340                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            156003558                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       20665                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      16550                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     20665                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    16550                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1322496                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                      64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1058944                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1322560                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1059200                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267181000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 20665                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                16550                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   18519                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    2107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    544                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    923                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    960                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    964                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    964                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    964                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    969                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    968                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    968                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        26107                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     91.211093                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.657288                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    55.285432                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-127        18772     71.90%     71.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-191         5184     19.86%     91.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-255         1201      4.60%     96.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-319          570      2.18%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-383          228      0.87%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-447           74      0.28%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-511           45      0.17%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-575           22      0.08%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-639            5      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-703            4      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-831            2      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        26107                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          962                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      21.475052                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     21.320813                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      2.597906                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14-15             1      0.10%      0.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17            45      4.68%      4.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19           162     16.84%     21.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21           316     32.85%     54.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23           240     24.95%     79.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25           127     13.20%     92.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27            48      4.99%     97.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29            21      2.18%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31             1      0.10%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           962                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          962                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.199584                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.167520                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.047111                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              402     41.79%     41.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               12      1.25%     43.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              504     52.39%     95.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               42      4.37%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                2      0.21%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           962                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    569014750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               956464750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  103320000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     27536.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                46286.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        86.62                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        69.36                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     86.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     69.38                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.14                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     7401                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3700                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 35.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                22.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     410242.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    29.83                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 96854100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 51471585                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                76176660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               44484840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1215757920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            970798350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             29337120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4675373700                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1053662880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         31080720                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8245187715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            540.053833                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          13059657000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     18740500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     514478000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF     64654250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2743943500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1672103250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10253424625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 89564160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 47604480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                71364300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               41885280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1217601840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1005055350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             30180000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4553733990                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1117833120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         39751860                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8214794430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            538.063095                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12981269000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     20250000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     515282000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF     86903250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2910809000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1748427500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9985672375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13103198                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13103198                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1345766                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            10951050                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1071401                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            189266                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       10951050                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2649102                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         8301948                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       888879                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    6914993                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2366986                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        87641                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        20600                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6498039                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2492                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   18                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7320229                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      55979202                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13103198                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3720503                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     21851686                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2693602                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 856                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        14518                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6495547                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               311664                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      1                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534090                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.987602                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.672952                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12304653     40.30%     40.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  524170      1.72%     42.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  912438      2.99%     45.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1318309      4.32%     49.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  610446      2.00%     51.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1148856      3.76%     55.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  976328      3.20%     58.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  501332      1.64%     59.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12237558     40.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534090                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.429125                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.833299                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5524200                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              8630034                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 13536174                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1496881                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1346801                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             109026281                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1346801                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6597584                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                7042104                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        250095                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 13748687                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1548819                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             102057931                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                35714                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                895012                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  1941                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                405048                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          114807813                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            253894384                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       139437949                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         18807461                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             48675167                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                66132542                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             30570                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         33158                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3713388                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9408667                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3274208                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           156893                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          168891                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  88769657                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             209563                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 70736619                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           656311                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       46934785                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     68351990                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        209455                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534090                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.316644                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.580173                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           13259681     43.43%     43.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2258618      7.40%     50.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2825417      9.25%     60.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2342489      7.67%     67.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2364132      7.74%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2231858      7.31%     82.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2614251      8.56%     91.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1602776      5.25%     96.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1034868      3.39%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534090                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1418483     92.74%     92.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     92.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     92.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                80135      5.24%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5602      0.37%     98.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 3077      0.20%     98.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            21721      1.42%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             510      0.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          1792272      2.53%      2.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             53887765     76.18%     78.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                3424      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                73359      0.10%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            4891276      6.91%     85.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5162831      7.30%     93.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2568710      3.63%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        2355286      3.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          1696      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              70736619                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.316599                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1529528                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.021623                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         159309690                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        118509184                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     59952745                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           14883475                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          17405066                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6641059                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              63025193                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                7448682                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          227429                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5640571                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4194                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          284                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1565196                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3381                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           37                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1346801                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                6116525                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                12491                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           88979220                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            49842                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9408667                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3274208                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             86088                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  6353                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 3918                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           284                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        403103                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1287665                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1690768                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             67758466                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6880738                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2978151                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     9247046                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6252057                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2366308                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.219065                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      67142353                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     66593804                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 49383518                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 88166335                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.180923                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.560118                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       46935066                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            108                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1346641                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23391830                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.797394                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.413555                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10787477     46.12%     46.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3049362     13.04%     59.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3485688     14.90%     74.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1880014      8.04%     82.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       948169      4.05%     86.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       791226      3.38%     89.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       321365      1.37%     90.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       321675      1.38%     92.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1806854      7.72%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23391830                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            19103346                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              42044333                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5477099                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3768088                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4385329                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   3168414                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 39360474                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              378732                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       703670      1.67%      1.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        33430875     79.51%     81.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           2151      0.01%     81.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           48008      0.11%     81.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       2382530      5.67%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2992680      7.12%     94.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1709011      4.06%     98.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       775408      1.84%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         42044333                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1806854                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   110564375                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  185236976                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             80                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            598                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   19103346                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     42044333                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.598395                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.598395                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.625628                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.625628                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                86972243                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               51247866                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 10520818                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 6238782                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 36513429                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                17924299                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               22040429                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            23255                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             637421                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            23255                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            27.410062                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          780                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         33278287                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        33278287                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6568273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6568273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1698798                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1698798                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8267071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8267071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8267071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8267071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        36264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        36264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        10423                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10423                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        46687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         46687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        46687                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        46687                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2797500000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2797500000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    984058500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    984058500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3781558500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3781558500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3781558500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3781558500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6604537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6604537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1709221                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1709221                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8313758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8313758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8313758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8313758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77142.620781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77142.620781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94412.213374                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94412.213374                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80998.104397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80998.104397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80998.104397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80998.104397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          223                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    27.875000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17018                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            17018                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        22920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        22920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          488                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          488                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        23408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        23408                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23408                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        13344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9935                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9935                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        23279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        23279                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23279                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1143548500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1143548500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    934952000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    934952000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2078500500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2078500500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2078500500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2078500500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005813                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005813                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85697.579436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85697.579436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94106.894816                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94106.894816                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89286.502857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89286.502857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89286.502857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89286.502857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              886                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1021.432898                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             159877                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              886                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           180.448081                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1021.432898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1003                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         25983097                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        25983097                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6494609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6494609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6494609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6494609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6494609                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6494609                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          938                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          938                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12157500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12157500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12157500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12157500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12157500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12157500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6495547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6495547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6495547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6495547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6495547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6495547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12961.087420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12961.087420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12961.087420                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12961.087420                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12961.087420                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12961.087420                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          886                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              886                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          909                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          909                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11085000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11085000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11085000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11085000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11085000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11085000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12194.719472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12194.719472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12194.719472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12194.719472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12194.719472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12194.719472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     20673                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       22438                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     20673                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.085377                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       10.394079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        14.763819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16358.842102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.998464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        11361                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3813                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    406841                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   406841                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        17018                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            17018                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          886                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              886                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                50                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    50                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            884                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                884                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          2542                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2542                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 2592                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 884                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                2592                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3476                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             24                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 24                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            9862                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                9862                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        10801                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           10801                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              20663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  20665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             20663                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 20665                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    918892500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     918892500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       394000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       394000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1096255000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1096255000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       394000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2015147500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       2015541500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       394000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2015147500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      2015541500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        17018                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17018                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          886                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          886                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           24                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               24                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          9912                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              9912                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          886                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            886                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        13343                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         13343                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            23255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                24141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           23255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               24141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.994956                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.994956                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002257                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.002257                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.809488                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.809488                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.002257                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.888540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.856013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.002257                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.888540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.856013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93175.065910                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93175.065910                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       197000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       197000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101495.694843                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101495.694843                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       197000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97524.439820                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97534.067263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       197000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97524.439820                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97534.067263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                16550                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     16550                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           24                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            24                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9862                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           9862                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10801                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        10801                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         20663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             20665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        20663                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            20665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       477000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       477000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    820272500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    820272500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       374000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       374000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    988245000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    988245000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       374000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1808517500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1808891500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       374000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1808517500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1808891500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.994956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.809488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.809488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002257                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.888540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.856013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002257                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.888540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.856013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19875                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19875                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83175.065910                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83175.065910                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       187000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       187000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91495.694843                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91495.694843                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       187000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87524.439820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87534.067263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       187000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87524.439820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87534.067263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         41349                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        20689                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10803                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        16550                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4110                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               24                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9862                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9862                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         10803                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        62014                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        62014                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  62014                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2381760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2381760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2381760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             20689                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   20689    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               20689                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           112719500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          112074500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        48329                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        24138                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           82                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             15                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           15                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             14252                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        33568                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          886                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           10360                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              24                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             24                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9912                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9912                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           909                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        13343                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2681                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        69813                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 72494                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       113408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2577472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2690880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           20696                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1060672                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            44861                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002095                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.045728                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  44767     99.79%     99.79% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     94      0.21%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              44861                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           42068500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1363500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          34894999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
