
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               396950947250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                3305848                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  6242453                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               56797076                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1219356                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   268.81                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   888628654                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1678003226                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         247616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             247616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       193856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          193856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            3869                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3869                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3029                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3029                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16218669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16218669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        12697428                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             12697428                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        12697428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16218669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             28916097                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3869                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3029                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3869                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3029                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 247616                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  194176                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  247616                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               193856                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12               45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13               70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               78                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267632500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3869                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3029                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3864                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4460                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     99.042152                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    76.127990                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   133.462875                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3934     88.21%     88.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          249      5.58%     93.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           82      1.84%     95.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           42      0.94%     96.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           56      1.26%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           26      0.58%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           28      0.63%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           20      0.45%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           23      0.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4460                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          169                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      22.928994                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     22.515249                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      4.701284                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17             6      3.55%      3.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19            39     23.08%     26.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21            31     18.34%     44.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23            20     11.83%     56.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25            32     18.93%     75.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27            24     14.20%     89.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29             9      5.33%     95.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31             1      0.59%     95.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             1      0.59%     96.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             3      1.78%     98.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-37             1      0.59%     98.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::38-39             1      0.59%     99.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-53             1      0.59%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           169                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          169                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.952663                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.950258                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.284744                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16                3      1.78%      1.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      1.18%      2.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              164     97.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           169                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    260064500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               332608250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   19345000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     67217.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                85967.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        12.72                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     12.70                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.49                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       49                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2394                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                79.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2213341.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    35.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 20898780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 11100375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                18085620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                9275940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1185025920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            428894790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             42721920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3281523630                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      2029767840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        528109320                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7555892445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            494.905491                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14213950375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     63530250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     502582000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1732264375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5285675250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     487281500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7196010750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 10945620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  5825325                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                 9539040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                6561540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         883237680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            335077350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             37658400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2075955390                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1697519040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1415637600                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             6478887195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            424.362426                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14430905125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     63163500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     374898000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   5459210000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4420547750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     397032750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4552492125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13327726                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13327726                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1109039                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11118425                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 994414                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            213894                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11118425                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3565008                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7553417                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       803730                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    9932763                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7469259                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       142175                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        51744                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    8979058                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        13212                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   23                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9717231                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      60066894                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13327726                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4559422                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19631186                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2234490                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                7226                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        61534                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8965846                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               277672                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534422                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.765606                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.580910                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12236809     40.08%     40.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  870168      2.85%     42.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1241601      4.07%     46.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1424910      4.67%     51.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1124461      3.68%     55.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1107169      3.63%     58.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1019711      3.34%     62.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  876190      2.87%     65.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10633403     34.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534422                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.436478                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.967169                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8600857                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4162263                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15690257                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               963800                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1117245                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             109266819                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1117245                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9382917                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3340040                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         23263                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15806431                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles               864526                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             104059269                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  752                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 70994                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    89                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                740711                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          110608374                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            261840398                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       156174348                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3246488                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             67914165                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                42694193                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1202                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1540                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   869033                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11882237                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8934826                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           492870                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          203212                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  93413207                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              76491                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 83073606                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           465840                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       29950020                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43608536                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         76468                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534422                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.720654                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.527991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9854733     32.27%     32.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2835205      9.29%     41.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3061851     10.03%     51.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3085671     10.11%     61.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3131182     10.25%     71.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2782153      9.11%     81.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3097951     10.15%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1650921      5.41%     96.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1034755      3.39%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534422                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 809721     73.70%     73.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                14050      1.28%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                100589      9.16%     84.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                83417      7.59%     91.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              592      0.05%     91.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           90232      8.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           519148      0.62%      0.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             62922453     75.74%     76.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               72492      0.09%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                86441      0.10%     76.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1176053      1.42%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10073390     12.13%     90.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7530909      9.07%     99.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         404027      0.49%     99.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        288693      0.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              83073606                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.720631                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1098601                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013224                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         194248167                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        120239959                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     77416594                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3997904                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3200846                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1808388                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              81636410                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                2016649                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1216817                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4274429                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        11414                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2489                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2712935                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          120                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1117245                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3392419                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 4881                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           93489698                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            20121                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11882237                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8934826                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             26763                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    97                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4686                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2489                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        303278                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1172495                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1475773                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             80404626                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9926080                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2668976                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17387111                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8693783                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7461031                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.633222                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      79849050                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     79224982                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 55342444                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 86601512                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.594590                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.639047                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       29950390                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             23                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1116578                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26028257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.441180                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.733504                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9372377     36.01%     36.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3765267     14.47%     50.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2618034     10.06%     60.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3528528     13.56%     74.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1126668      4.33%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1144050      4.40%     82.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       796582      3.06%     85.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       467675      1.80%     87.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3209076     12.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26028257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            33550249                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              63539666                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      13829697                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7607806                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7396794                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1292246                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 62568945                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              458919                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       257367      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        48347403     76.09%     76.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          53839      0.08%     76.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           75208      0.12%     76.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        976152      1.54%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7334714     11.54%     89.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6221891      9.79%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       273092      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         63539666                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3209076                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   116309237                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  191573813                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             30                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            266                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   33550249                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     63539666                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.910118                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.910118                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.098759                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.098759                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               116012951                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               62081432                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2544054                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1256276                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 40322155                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21149567                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35341078                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5300                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           13692798                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs          2583.546792                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          248                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          463                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          281                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         59200512                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        59200512                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8569135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8569135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6221703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6221703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     14790838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        14790838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     14790838                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       14790838                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4662                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4662                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3303                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3303                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         7965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          7965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         7965                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         7965                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    162365500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    162365500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    470474500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    470474500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    632840000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    632840000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    632840000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    632840000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8573797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8573797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6225006                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6225006                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     14798803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14798803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     14798803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14798803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000544                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000544                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34827.434577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34827.434577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 142438.540721                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 142438.540721                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79452.605148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79452.605148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79452.605148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79452.605148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         4078                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             4078                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2665                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2665                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3291                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3291                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     88037000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     88037000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    465966500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    465966500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    554003500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    554003500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    554003500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    554003500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000529                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000529                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000358                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000358                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000358                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000358                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43821.304131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43821.304131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 141588.119113                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141588.119113                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104528.962264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104528.962264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104528.962264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104528.962264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              763                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             495815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           649.823067                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          998                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35864147                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35864147                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8965061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8965061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8965061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8965061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8965061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8965061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          785                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          785                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     10053500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10053500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     10053500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10053500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     10053500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10053500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8965846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8965846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8965846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8965846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8965846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8965846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12807.006369                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12807.006369                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12807.006369                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12807.006369                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12807.006369                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12807.006369                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          763                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              763                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9156000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9156000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9156000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9156000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9156000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9156000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        12000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        12000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        12000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        12000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        12000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        12000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      3874                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        4791                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3874                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.236706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       53.507070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        23.076592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16307.416338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2293                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13852                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    100722                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   100722                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4078                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             4078                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          763                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              763                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            763                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                763                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1426                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1426                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 763                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1431                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2194                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3286                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3286                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          583                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             583                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               3869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              3869                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3869                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    460976500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     460976500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     69923000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     69923000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    530899500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        530899500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    530899500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       530899500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4078                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4078                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          763                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          763                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3291                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3291                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          763                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            763                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2009                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          2009                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 6063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                6063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998481                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.998481                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.290194                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.290194                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.730000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.638133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.730000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.638133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 140284.996957                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 140284.996957                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 119936.535163                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119936.535163                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 137218.790385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 137218.790385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 137218.790385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 137218.790385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3029                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3029                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            9                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             9                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3286                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3286                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          583                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          583                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          3869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3869                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3869                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    428116500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    428116500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     64093000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64093000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    492209500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    492209500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    492209500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    492209500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.290194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.730000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.638133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.730000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.638133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 130284.996957                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 130284.996957                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 109936.535163                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109936.535163                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 127218.790385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 127218.790385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 127218.790385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 127218.790385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7729                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3861                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                583                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3029                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              831                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3286                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3286                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           583                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        11598                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        11598                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11598                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       441472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       441472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  441472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3869                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3869    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3869                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            20792000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21302750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        12126                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         6062                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           20                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             23                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           23                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2772                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7107                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          763                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2067                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3291                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3291                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           763                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         2009                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2289                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        15900                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 18189                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        97664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       600192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 697856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            3874                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    193856                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples             9937                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.004227                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.064878                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                   9895     99.58%     99.58% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     42      0.42%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total               9937                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           10904000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1144500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           7950000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
