
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10427596037375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               63641773                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                118846476                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              157740056                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    96.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6159757589                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11502910472                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          21824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9945728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            9967552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        21824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         21824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9855488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9855488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             341                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          155402                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              155743                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        153992                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             153992                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1429456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         651437992                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             652867448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1429456                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1429456                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       645527337                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            645527337                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       645527337                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1429456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        651437992                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1298394785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      155743                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     153992                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    155743                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   153992                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                9967552                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9855552                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 9967552                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9855488                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            10024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15268717000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                155743                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               153992                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  154719                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     654                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     244                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9572                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9637                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9641                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9651                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27609                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    718.033685                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   556.429039                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   361.615205                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2083      7.54%      7.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2621      9.49%     17.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1827      6.62%     23.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1751      6.34%     30.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1633      5.91%     35.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1438      5.21%     41.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1426      5.16%     46.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1511      5.47%     51.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13319     48.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27609                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9620                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.190333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.126611                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.885993                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               8      0.08%      0.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             32      0.33%      0.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           107      1.11%      1.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9280     96.47%     97.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           128      1.33%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            38      0.40%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            13      0.14%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             1      0.01%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             3      0.03%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             5      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-59             1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-67             1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             3      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9620                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9619                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.008941                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.007963                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.192722                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9595     99.75%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.02%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                4      0.04%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                2      0.02%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               13      0.14%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                2      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9619                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2885854750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5806036000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  778715000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18529.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37279.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       652.87                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       645.53                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    652.87                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    645.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142276                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  139862                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49296.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.09                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98874720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52575930                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               557662560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              401804280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         754777920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1508728440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             62790240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2085974280                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       331652640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1574836260                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7429739550                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.642568                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11795006000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     43835375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     319928000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6356886250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    863625250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3108574750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4574494500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 98167860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 52200225                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               554342460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              402023520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         749860800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1507547400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             66549600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2080366620                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       317761440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1583637180                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7412541045                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.516078                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11767777000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     51757750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     317848000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6398108625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    827518750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3110092500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4562018500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1335297                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1335297                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7041                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1326687                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3858                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               822                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1326687                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1288498                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           38189                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4881                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     496577                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1321005                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          761                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2623                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      55993                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          235                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   55                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             78290                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       6007356                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1335297                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1292356                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30419487                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  14582                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         6                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  97                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1469                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    55852                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2052                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30506640                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.400070                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.674192                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28647763     93.91%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   56977      0.19%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   60530      0.20%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  334080      1.10%     95.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   36986      0.12%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    9946      0.03%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   10681      0.04%     95.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   34648      0.11%     95.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1315029      4.31%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30506640                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043730                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.196739                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  424726                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28543619                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   719184                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               811820                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  7291                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              12136132                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  7291                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  708246                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 277148                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         15000                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1246168                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28252787                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              12100832                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1650                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 20520                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  6447                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              27948578                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           15568412                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             25445810                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13968962                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           371434                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             15283530                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  284863                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               133                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           139                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4855255                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              507722                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1329235                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            25349                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           24491                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  12036125                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                691                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11969827                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2048                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         183053                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       267759                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           576                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30506640                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.392368                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.297315                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27313610     89.53%     89.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             506486      1.66%     91.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             551551      1.81%     93.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             358197      1.17%     94.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             310568      1.02%     95.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1041603      3.41%     98.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             171509      0.56%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             218621      0.72%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              34495      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30506640                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 107044     95.33%     95.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     95.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     95.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  567      0.50%     95.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     95.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     95.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     95.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     95.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     95.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     95.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     95.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     95.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     95.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     95.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     95.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     95.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     95.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     95.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     95.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     95.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     95.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     95.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     95.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     95.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     95.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     95.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     95.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     95.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     95.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     95.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     95.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   852      0.76%     96.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  201      0.18%     96.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             3420      3.05%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             205      0.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4861      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             10043059     83.90%     83.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  87      0.00%     83.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  285      0.00%     83.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              99539      0.83%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              441747      3.69%     88.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1275656     10.66%     99.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          57831      0.48%     99.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         46762      0.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11969827                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.392008                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     112289                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.009381                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          54103854                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11968898                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11721058                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             456773                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            251172                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       224001                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11846827                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 230428                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2331                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25816                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           76                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          212                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        13512                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           21                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          646                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  7291                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  62408                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               178923                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           12036816                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              864                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               507722                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1329235                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               310                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   442                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               178283                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           212                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1996                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6806                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                8802                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11953435                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               496374                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            16388                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1817341                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1307011                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1320967                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.391471                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11948495                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11945059                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8761580                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 12074626                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.391196                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.725619                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         183305                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            115                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7138                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30477534                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.388934                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.339368                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27407074     89.93%     89.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       385443      1.26%     91.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       323845      1.06%     92.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1138955      3.74%     95.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        67204      0.22%     96.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       620191      2.03%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       106479      0.35%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        31629      0.10%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       396714      1.30%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30477534                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5810499                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11853758                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1797630                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       481906                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1299887                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    219776                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11736250                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1137                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2771      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9955828     83.99%     84.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             227      0.00%     84.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         97236      0.82%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         426705      3.60%     88.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1269513     10.71%     99.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        55201      0.47%     99.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        46211      0.39%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11853758                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               396714                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    42117883                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   24103735                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            289                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          28048                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5810499                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11853758                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.255089                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.255089                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.190292                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.190292                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13731976                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                9139118                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   346115                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  176361                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6519834                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 6073815                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4439005                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           155473                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1672993                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           155473                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.760666                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          919                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7390593                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7390593                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       489168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         489168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1161712                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1161712                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1650880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1650880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1650880                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1650880                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154042                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154042                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       157900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        157900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       157900                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       157900                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    372872000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    372872000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13910063497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13910063497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14282935497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14282935497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14282935497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14282935497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       493026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       493026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1315754                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1315754                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1808780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1808780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1808780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1808780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117075                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.117075                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.087296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.087296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.087296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.087296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96649.040954                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96649.040954                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90300.460245                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90300.460245                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90455.576295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90455.576295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90455.576295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90455.576295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        16238                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          217                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              177                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    91.740113                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   108.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154158                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154158                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2423                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2423                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154033                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154033                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    154882000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    154882000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13755161997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13755161997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13910043997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13910043997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13910043997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13910043997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117068                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117068                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.085957                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085957                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.085957                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085957                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107259.002770                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107259.002770                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89300.098011                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89300.098011                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89466.892190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89466.892190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89466.892190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89466.892190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              656                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.999018                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             332072                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           506.207317                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1020.999018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          818                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           224068                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          224068                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        55055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          55055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        55055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           55055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        55055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          55055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          797                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          797                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     49142500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     49142500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     49142500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     49142500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     49142500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     49142500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        55852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        55852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        55852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        55852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        55852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        55852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61659.347553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61659.347553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61659.347553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61659.347553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61659.347553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61659.347553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          656                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              656                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          137                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          137                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          660                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          660                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41315500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41315500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41315500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41315500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41315500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41315500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62599.242424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62599.242424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62599.242424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62599.242424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62599.242424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62599.242424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156298                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      155772                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       61.035039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        38.701266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16284.263695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.993913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          955                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9244                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6080                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2654122                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2654122                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154158                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154158                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          656                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              656                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                26                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    26                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            315                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                315                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            45                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                45                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   71                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 315                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  71                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     386                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154003                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154003                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          341                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              341                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1399                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1399                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             155402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 155743                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               341                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            155402                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                155743                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13523766000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13523766000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36994500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     36994500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    152180000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    152180000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36994500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13675946000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13712940500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36994500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13675946000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13712940500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154158                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154158                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          656                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          656                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154029                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154029                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          656                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            656                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1444                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1444                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           155473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          155473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999831                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999831                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.519817                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.519817                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.968837                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.968837                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.519817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.519817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87814.951657                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87814.951657                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108488.269795                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108488.269795                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 108777.698356                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108777.698356                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108488.269795                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88003.667906                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88048.519035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108488.269795                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88003.667906                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88048.519035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               153992                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    153992                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154003                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154003                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          341                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          341                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1399                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1399                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        155402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            155743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          341                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           155743                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11983736000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11983736000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33584500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33584500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    138190000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    138190000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33584500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12121926000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12155510500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33584500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12121926000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12155510500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.519817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.519817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.968837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.968837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.519817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.519817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77814.951657                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77814.951657                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98488.269795                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98488.269795                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98777.698356                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98777.698356                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98488.269795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78003.667906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78048.519035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98488.269795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78003.667906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78048.519035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        311393                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       155666                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1740                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       153992                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1658                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154003                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154003                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1740                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       467136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       467136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 467136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19823040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19823040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19823040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            155743                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  155743    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              155743                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           927928000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          819028500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       312266                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156111                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          122                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            744                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          744                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       308150                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          656                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3621                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154029                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154029                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           660                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1444                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       466427                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                468399                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        83968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19816384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19900352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156302                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9855744                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           312435                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002714                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.052027                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 311587     99.73%     99.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    848      0.27%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             312435                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          310947000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            990000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         233211500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
