
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2778656630750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               53303151                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 98629706                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              148579014                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   102.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5477202026                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10134765255                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11113856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           11113984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        98624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           98624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          173654                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              173656                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          1541                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1541                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         727949531                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             727957915                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         6459801                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              6459801                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         6459801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        727949531                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            734417716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      173654                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1541                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    173654                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1541                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               11100480                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   13376                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   98496                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                11113856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                98624                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    209                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             10455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             10397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            10619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267312500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                173654                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1541                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  132874                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   37606                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2872                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      92                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        95668                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    117.054815                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   101.023053                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    72.492598                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        48936     51.15%     51.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        38820     40.58%     91.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6925      7.24%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          842      0.88%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           73      0.08%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           25      0.03%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           11      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           18      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        95668                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           96                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    1801.708333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   1750.138851                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    434.679142                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      2.08%      2.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      2.08%      4.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            5      5.21%      9.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            8      8.33%     17.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            8      8.33%     26.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663           13     13.54%     39.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791           13     13.54%     53.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            9      9.38%     62.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047           13     13.54%     76.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            8      8.33%     84.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            5      5.21%     89.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            3      3.12%     92.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            2      2.08%     94.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            2      2.08%     96.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            2      2.08%     98.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3455            1      1.04%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            96                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           96                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.031250                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.029762                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.227255                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               94     97.92%     97.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      1.04%     98.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      1.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            96                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4379316500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7631410250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  867225000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     25249.02                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43999.02                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       727.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         6.45                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    727.95                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      6.46                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.29                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.39                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    78015                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    1299                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 44.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      87144.68                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    45.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                335530020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                178338435                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               604536660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                5548860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1504431210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24718080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5297683170                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       109845600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9265941075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            606.912440                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11904122875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9750000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    286234250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2843377750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11618122125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                347553780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184721625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               633860640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2484720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1558455240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24717600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5242980840                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       110417280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9309886125                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            609.790809                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11785951250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9564000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    287716750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2962210875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11498252500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                2598638                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          2598638                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           144646                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             2093981                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 126629                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             19345                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        2093981                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1032670                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1061311                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        62409                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    1312990                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     196369                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       210206                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         3113                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1973327                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         9498                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           2045189                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       8340345                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    2598638                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1159299                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28203800                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 295448                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2182                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                2250                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        75017                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1963829                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                25428                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      5                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30476162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.552852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.862575                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                27414102     89.95%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   78889      0.26%     90.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  832938      2.73%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   87063      0.29%     93.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  212321      0.70%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  150306      0.49%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  146623      0.48%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   69066      0.23%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1484854      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30476162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.085104                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.273143                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1184386                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             26979831                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1730414                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               433807                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                147724                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              14235966                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                147724                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1351345                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               25486123                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         34373                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1902493                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1554104                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              13560106                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               108207                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1188905                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                269995                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  3700                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           16065301                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             36576200                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        18638111                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           134568                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              5753742                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                10311558                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               583                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           740                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2479456                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             2157380                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             281190                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            11405                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           13639                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  12566506                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              15695                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  9368101                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            17632                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        7801410                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14584669                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         15694                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30476162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.307391                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.064944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27143176     89.06%     89.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1109323      3.64%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             653484      2.14%     94.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             463094      1.52%     96.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             520014      1.71%     98.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             248577      0.82%     98.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             189496      0.62%     99.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              89373      0.29%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              59625      0.20%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30476162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  39510     75.68%     75.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     75.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     75.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 4215      8.07%     83.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     83.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     83.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     83.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     83.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     83.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     83.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     83.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     83.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     83.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     83.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     83.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     83.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     83.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     83.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     83.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     83.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     83.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     83.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     83.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     83.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     83.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     83.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     83.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     83.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     83.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     83.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  7126     13.65%     97.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  863      1.65%     99.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              481      0.92%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              14      0.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            50691      0.54%      0.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              7617262     81.31%     81.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                4496      0.05%     81.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                40652      0.43%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              52098      0.56%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1381250     14.74%     97.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             210855      2.25%     99.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          10762      0.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            35      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               9368101                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.306802                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      52209                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005573                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          49151149                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         20276799                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      8856226                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             131056                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            106822                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        57571                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               9302014                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  67605                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           17835                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1389032                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          633                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           14                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       159620                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          183                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1511                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                147724                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               22519315                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               305076                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           12582201                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             8876                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              2157380                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              281190                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              5626                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 28886                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                80118                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            14                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         70155                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       101969                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              172124                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              9124370                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1311881                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           243731                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1508210                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1034754                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    196329                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.298820                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       8966981                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      8913797                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  6639086                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 10744843                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.291924                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.617886                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        7802569                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              1                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           147717                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29334658                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.162974                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.811311                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27544043     93.90%     93.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       734375      2.50%     96.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       215436      0.73%     97.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       475780      1.62%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       112293      0.38%     99.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        71279      0.24%     99.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        26466      0.09%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        16049      0.05%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       138937      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29334658                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             2393371                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               4780789                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        889917                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       768347                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    748839                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     48622                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  4731704                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               21429                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        14594      0.31%      0.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         3798628     79.46%     79.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            857      0.02%     79.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           35237      0.74%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         41556      0.87%     81.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     81.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     81.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     81.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     81.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     81.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     81.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     81.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         761281     15.92%     97.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        121570      2.54%     99.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         7066      0.15%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          4780789                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               138937                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41779079                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   26314077                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            526                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          58526                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    2393371                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      4780789                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             12.758025                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       12.758025                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.078382                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.078382                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                10185737                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                7720103                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   100952                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   50475                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  5284721                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 2543770                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4427468                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           312251                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             802366                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           312251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.569619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          849                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          5926347                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         5926347                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       717035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         717035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       120091                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        120091                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       837126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          837126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       837126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         837126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       564919                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       564919                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1479                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1479                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       566398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        566398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       566398                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       566398                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34594915500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34594915500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    124677500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    124677500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34719593000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34719593000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34719593000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34719593000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1281954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1281954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       121570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       121570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1403524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1403524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1403524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1403524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.440670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.440670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.012166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.403554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.403554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.403554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.403554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 61238.718294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61238.718294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84298.512508                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84298.512508                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 61298.932906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61298.932906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 61298.932906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61298.932906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        39047                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1221                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    31.979525                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3683                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3683                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       254129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       254129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       254148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       254148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       254148                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       254148                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       310790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       310790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1460                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1460                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       312250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       312250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       312250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       312250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18431422000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18431422000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    121514500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    121514500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18552936500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18552936500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18552936500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18552936500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.242435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.012010                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012010                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.222476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.222476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 59305.067731                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59305.067731                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83229.109589                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83229.109589                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 59416.930344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59416.930344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 59416.930344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59416.930344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  4                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                    2                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          7855318                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         7855318                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1963827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1963827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1963827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1963827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1963827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1963827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       209000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       209000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       209000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       209000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       209000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       209000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1963829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1963829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1963829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1963829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1963829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1963829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       104500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       104500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       104500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       207000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       207000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       207000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       207000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       207000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       207000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       103500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       103500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       103500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    173707                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      458211                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    173707                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.637838                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       10.402525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.103880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16373.493595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1007                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9439                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5798                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   5169403                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  5169403                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3683                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3683                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               296                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   296                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        138302                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            138302                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               138598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   138598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              138598                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  138598                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            1164                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                1164                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       172488                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          172488                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             173652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 173654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            173652                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                173654                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    116099000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     116099000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       204000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       204000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16465569000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  16465569000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       204000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16581668000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      16581872000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       204000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16581668000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     16581872000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3683                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3683                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1460                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1460                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       310790                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        310790                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           312250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               312252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          312250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              312252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.797260                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.797260                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.554999                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.554999                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.556131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.556134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.556131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.556134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99741.408935                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99741.408935                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       102000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95459.214554                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95459.214554                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95487.918365                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95487.993366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95487.918365                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95487.993366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1541                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1541                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           58                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            58                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1164                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           1164                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       172488                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       172488                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        173652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            173654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       173652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           173654                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    104459000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104459000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       184000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       184000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14740679000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14740679000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       184000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14845138000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14845322000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       184000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14845138000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14845322000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.797260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.797260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.554999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.554999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.556131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.556134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.556131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.556134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89741.408935                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89741.408935                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        92000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85459.156579                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85459.156579                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85487.860779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85487.935780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85487.860779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85487.935780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        347303                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       173653                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             172491                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1541                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           172108                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1164                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1164                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        172490                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       520958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       520958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 520958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11212544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     11212544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                11212544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            173654                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  173654    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              173654                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           410004500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          943274750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       624505                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       312253                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          140                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            116                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          105                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           11                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            310793                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5224                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          480734                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1460                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1460                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       310790                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       936752                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                936758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20219776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20220032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          173707                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     98624                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           485959                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000549                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.024380                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 485703     99.95%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    245      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                     11      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             485959                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          315937500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         468376500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
