
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5450441852625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              128601061                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                238783942                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              342680721                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    44.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5729519668                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10638462461                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12499008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12499008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        27968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           27968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          195297                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              195297                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           437                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                437                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         818675986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             818675986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1831884                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1831884                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1831884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        818675986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            820507869                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      195298                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        437                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    195298                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      437                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12495872                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3200                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   27648                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12499072                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                27968                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     50                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               99                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267388000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                195298                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  437                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  147397                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44784                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3030                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96485                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    129.800902                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.557976                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.340267                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40734     42.22%     42.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44551     46.17%     88.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9706     10.06%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1331      1.38%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          130      0.13%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           18      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           10      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96485                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           27                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    7200.037037                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   6953.479332                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1850.362449                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583            1      3.70%      3.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      3.70%      7.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            3     11.11%     18.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      3.70%     22.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            3     11.11%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            2      7.41%     40.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      3.70%     44.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            4     14.81%     59.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            3     11.11%     70.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            2      7.41%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            2      7.41%     85.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            2      7.41%     92.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      3.70%     96.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            1      3.70%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            27                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           27                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               27    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            27                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4773011000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8433911000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  976240000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24445.89                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43195.89                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       818.47                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    818.68                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.83                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.10                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    98818                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     380                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78000.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.69                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                341856060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                181708395                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               695950080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 146160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205923680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1617624090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24419040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5184041700                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       108165600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy          2577780                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9362412585                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.231254                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11656358750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9882000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     510132000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF      6139250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    281787750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3090971375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11368431750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                347025420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184452180                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               698113500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2108880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1631236260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24427680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5190769410                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        93385920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9376828290                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.175472                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11625416250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9348000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    242912250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3122648250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11382575625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1503393                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1503393                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            66338                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1189562                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  50353                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              7653                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1189562                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            629425                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          560137                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        22903                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     722779                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      56722                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       144186                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          875                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1229544                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5089                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1259669                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4462328                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1503393                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            679778                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29097072                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 136038                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       367                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1240                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        46929                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1224455                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 7825                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      4                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30473296                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.295137                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.371548                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28751520     94.35%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   22724      0.07%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  596498      1.96%     96.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   28621      0.09%     96.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  123129      0.40%     96.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   70534      0.23%     97.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   84609      0.28%     97.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   25925      0.09%     97.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  769736      2.53%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30473296                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.049236                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.146140                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  627477                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28653930                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   824846                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               299024                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 68019                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7370121                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 68019                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  719895                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27414356                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         11908                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   955871                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1303247                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7053651                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                81745                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                990293                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                261345                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   452                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8397976                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             19509321                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         9326641                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            41525                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2934572                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5463405                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               262                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           326                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1911609                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1251782                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              82622                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             5447                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            5417                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6672755                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4990                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4812517                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5645                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4230599                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8556975                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          4990                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30473296                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.157926                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.728309                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28503153     93.53%     93.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             784880      2.58%     96.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             414313      1.36%     97.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             281522      0.92%     98.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             280376      0.92%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              87557      0.29%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              74843      0.25%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              27118      0.09%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              19534      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30473296                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  11179     67.38%     67.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     67.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     67.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1208      7.28%     74.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3801     22.91%     97.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  239      1.44%     99.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              163      0.98%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            18574      0.39%      0.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3950351     82.08%     82.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1273      0.03%     82.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 9981      0.21%     82.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              15039      0.31%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              753413     15.66%     98.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              60924      1.27%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2962      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4812517                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.157608                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      16590                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003447                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          40083036                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10872197                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4606181                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              37529                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             36152                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        16279                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4791160                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  19373                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            4773                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       796112                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          189                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            5                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        53564                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           31                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1170                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 68019                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25373427                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               278063                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6677745                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4677                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1251782                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               82622                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1828                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 16836                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                79485                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             5                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         35474                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        39983                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               75457                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4721543                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               722533                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            90974                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      779244                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  562336                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     56711                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.154629                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4639482                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4622460                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3380701                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5383205                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.151384                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.628009                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4231457                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            68018                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29866616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.081936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.527082                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28801708     96.43%     96.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       490464      1.64%     98.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       119447      0.40%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       319266      1.07%     99.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        56397      0.19%     99.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28130      0.09%     99.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5899      0.02%     99.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4082      0.01%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        41223      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29866616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1224973                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2447146                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        484728                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       455670                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    435453                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     11624                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2435409                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                5125                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3489      0.14%      0.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1940367     79.29%     79.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            205      0.01%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            8421      0.34%     79.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          9936      0.41%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         453982     18.55%     98.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         29058      1.19%     99.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1688      0.07%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2447146                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                41223                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36503996                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   13965537                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            456                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          61392                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1224973                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2447146                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             24.926825                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       24.926825                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.040117                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.040117                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4810300                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4008649                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    29039                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   14465                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2930335                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1281827                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2458757                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           235271                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             326699                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           235271                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.388607                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          160                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          772                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3206543                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3206543                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       294827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         294827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        28087                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         28087                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       322914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          322914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       322914                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         322914                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       418933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       418933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          971                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          971                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       419904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        419904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       419904                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       419904                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34675142000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34675142000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     36556999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36556999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34711698999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34711698999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34711698999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34711698999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       713760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       713760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        29058                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        29058                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       742818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       742818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       742818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       742818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.586938                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.586938                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033416                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033416                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.565285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.565285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.565285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.565285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82770.137468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82770.137468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37648.814624                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37648.814624                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82665.797418                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82665.797418                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82665.797418                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82665.797418                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        16948                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              741                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    22.871795                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2235                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2235                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       184629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       184629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       184633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       184633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       184633                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       184633                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       234304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       234304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          967                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          967                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       235271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       235271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       235271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       235271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19277532500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19277532500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     35326999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35326999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19312859499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19312859499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19312859499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19312859499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.328267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033278                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033278                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.316728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.316728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.316728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.316728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82275.729394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82275.729394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36532.573940                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36532.573940                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82087.717989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82087.717989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82087.717989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82087.717989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4897820                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4897820                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1224455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1224455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1224455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1224455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1224455                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1224455                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1224455                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1224455                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1224455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1224455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1224455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1224455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    195308                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      271965                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    195308                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.392493                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.806205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.193795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10759                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4309                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3957396                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3957396                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2235                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2235                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               692                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   692                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         39281                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             39281                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                39973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    39973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               39973                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   39973                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             275                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 275                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       195023                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          195023                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             195298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 195298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            195298                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                195298                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     26286500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      26286500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18486442000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18486442000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18512728500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18512728500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18512728500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18512728500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2235                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2235                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           967                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               967                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       234304                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        234304                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           235271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               235271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          235271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              235271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.284385                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.284385                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.832350                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.832350                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.830098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.830098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.830098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.830098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95587.272727                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95587.272727                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94791.086180                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94791.086180                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94792.207293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94792.207293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94792.207293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94792.207293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  437                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       437                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          275                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            275                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       195023                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       195023                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        195298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            195298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       195298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           195298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     23536500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23536500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16536212000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16536212000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16559748500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16559748500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16559748500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16559748500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.284385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.284385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.832350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.832350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.830098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.830098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.830098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.830098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85587.272727                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85587.272727                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84791.086180                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84791.086180                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84792.207293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84792.207293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84792.207293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84792.207293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        390591                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       195300                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             195023                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          437                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           194856                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               275                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              275                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        195023                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       585889                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       585889                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 585889                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12527040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12527040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12527040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            195298                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  195298    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              195298                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           461019500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1054954000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       470542                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       235272                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          560                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             16                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           15                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            234304                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2672                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          427907                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              967                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             967                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       234304                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       705813                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                705813                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15200384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15200384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          195308                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     27968                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           430579                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001342                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036677                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 430002     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    576      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             430579                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          237506000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         352906500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
