
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10626071511000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               67626975                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                126412586                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              165683073                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    92.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6231680093                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11648649855                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          24256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9973376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            9997632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        24256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         24256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9921152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9921152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             379                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          155834                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156213                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155018                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155018                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1588750                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         653248916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             654837666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1588750                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1588750                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       649828282                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            649828282                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       649828282                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1588750                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        653248916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1304665948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156212                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155018                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156212                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155018                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                9997568                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9921408                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 9997568                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9921152                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            10027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267366000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156212                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155018                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     709                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9637                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9665                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9679                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9695                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27746                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    717.918258                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   550.915078                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   365.644561                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2228      8.03%      8.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2700      9.73%     17.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2001      7.21%     24.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1449      5.22%     30.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1448      5.22%     35.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1370      4.94%     40.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1472      5.31%     45.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1647      5.94%     51.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13431     48.41%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27746                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9682                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.134786                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.082800                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.601992                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               9      0.09%      0.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             41      0.42%      0.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            96      0.99%      1.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9376     96.84%     98.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           114      1.18%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            29      0.30%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             6      0.06%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             2      0.02%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             1      0.01%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             2      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9682                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9682                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.011361                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.010266                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.202441                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9645     99.62%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                5      0.05%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                9      0.09%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               13      0.13%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                5      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                3      0.03%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9682                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2892236250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5821211250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  781060000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18514.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37264.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       654.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       649.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    654.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    649.83                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.18                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142634                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  140854                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49054.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.09                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 99652980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52966815                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               561025500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              405985500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         758465760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1519634820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             64648800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2088716550                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       324536160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1573700160                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7449403875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            487.930567                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11732794875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     47086000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     321578000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6340634125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    845161500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3132365750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4580518750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 98453460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 52329255                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               554328180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403229340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         748631520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1509769830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             64320000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2072746860                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       308594880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1595809440                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7408425495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.246513                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11788451500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     46973750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     317352000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6439343250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    803648250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3114526625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4545500250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1333589                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1333589                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6962                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1325494                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4466                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               927                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1325494                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1286615                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           38879                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4922                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     350928                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1319613                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          843                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2687                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      52542                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          287                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   67                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             79934                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5824331                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1333589                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1291081                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30412550                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  14554                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         4                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 141                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1324                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    52365                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2102                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30501230                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.385119                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.663620                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28802701     94.43%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   39846      0.13%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42829      0.14%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  224731      0.74%     95.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   27837      0.09%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8641      0.03%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    9847      0.03%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   25112      0.08%     95.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1319686      4.33%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30501230                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043675                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.190745                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  441574                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28579253                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   631252                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               841874                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  7277                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11678940                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  7277                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  709092                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 280093                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         16461                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1204515                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28283792                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11643566                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1247                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  3469                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28001888                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14819055                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24637691                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13383782                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           309097                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14544318                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  274737                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           172                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4982875                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              361918                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1328181                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20159                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           27486                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11580454                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                856                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11515890                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2173                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         181555                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       262326                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           729                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30501230                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.377555                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.257685                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27380226     89.77%     89.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             477803      1.57%     91.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             559252      1.83%     93.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             347257      1.14%     94.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             349584      1.15%     95.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1067895      3.50%     98.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             119478      0.39%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             174747      0.57%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              24988      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30501230                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  73167     94.40%     94.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  439      0.57%     94.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   745      0.96%     95.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  223      0.29%     96.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2692      3.47%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             243      0.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4556      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9752435     84.69%     84.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 118      0.00%     84.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  344      0.00%     84.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              83443      0.72%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              307253      2.67%     88.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1279642     11.11%     99.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46597      0.40%     99.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         41502      0.36%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11515890                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.377141                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      77509                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006731                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          53230384                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11553363                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11304315                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             382308                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            209739                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       187381                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11396065                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 192778                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2675                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25177                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           50                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          254                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14315                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           20                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          626                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  7277                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  60609                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               180835                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11581310                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              873                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               361918                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1328181                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               386                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   446                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               180222                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           254                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1927                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6887                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                8814                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11499773                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               350767                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            16117                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1670342                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1305523                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1319575                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.376613                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11495107                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11491696                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8401615                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11784565                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.376349                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.712934                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         181826                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            127                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7097                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30471906                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.374107                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.281975                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27445124     90.07%     90.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       347805      1.14%     91.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       322125      1.06%     92.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1157817      3.80%     96.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        73506      0.24%     96.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       731986      2.40%     98.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72824      0.24%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22401      0.07%     99.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       298318      0.98%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30471906                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5634911                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11399755                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1650607                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       336741                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1298371                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    183567                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11302628                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1377                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2367      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9665147     84.78%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             91      0.00%     84.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             274      0.00%     84.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         81269      0.71%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         292426      2.57%     88.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1272876     11.17%     99.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44315      0.39%     99.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        40990      0.36%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11399755                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               298318                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41755169                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   23193049                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            313                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          33459                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5634911                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11399755                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.418841                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.418841                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.184541                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.184541                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13148607                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8720336                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   288791                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  145137                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6512084                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5783003                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4288817                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           155892                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1502463                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           155892                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.637845                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6799512                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6799512                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       342953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         342953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1159503                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1159503                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1502456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1502456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1502456                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1502456                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154393                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154393                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158449                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158449                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158449                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158449                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    390745500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    390745500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13938634494                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13938634494                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14329379994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14329379994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14329379994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14329379994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       347009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       347009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1313896                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1313896                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1660905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1660905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1660905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1660905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117508                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.117508                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.095399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.095399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96337.647929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96337.647929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90280.223158                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90280.223158                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90435.281977                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90435.281977                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90435.281977                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90435.281977                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        16909                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          201                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              184                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    91.896739                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   100.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154824                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154824                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2550                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2550                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154380                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154380                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    162078500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    162078500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13783401995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13783401995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13945480495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13945480495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13945480495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13945480495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117498                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117498                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093864                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093864                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093864                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093864                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106700.789993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106700.789993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89282.303375                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89282.303375                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89452.020186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89452.020186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89452.020186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89452.020186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              709                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1018.999052                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              80739                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              709                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           113.877292                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1018.999052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          819                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           210176                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          210176                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        51477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          51477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        51477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           51477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        51477                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          51477                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          888                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          888                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     55875500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     55875500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     55875500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     55875500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     55875500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     55875500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        52365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        52365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        52365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        52365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        52365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62922.860360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62922.860360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62922.860360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62922.860360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62922.860360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62922.860360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           17                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     8.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          709                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              709                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          172                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          172                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45867500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45867500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45867500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45867500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45867500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45867500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013673                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013673                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64060.754190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64060.754190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64060.754190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64060.754190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64060.754190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64060.754190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156833                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156404                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997265                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       59.706599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        35.978546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16288.314855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          949                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8981                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6346                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2662297                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2662297                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154824                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154824                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          708                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              708                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            331                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                331                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            40                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                40                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   59                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 331                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  59                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     390                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154354                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154354                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          379                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              379                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1479                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1479                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             155833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               379                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            155833                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156212                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13551598500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13551598500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41293000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     41293000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    159302500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    159302500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41293000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13710901000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13752194000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41293000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13710901000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13752194000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154824                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154824                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          708                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          708                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154373                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154373                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          710                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            710                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1519                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1519                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           155892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          155892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999877                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999877                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.533803                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.533803                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.973667                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.973667                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.533803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.533803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87795.577050                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87795.577050                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108952.506596                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108952.506596                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107709.601082                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107709.601082                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108952.506596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87984.579646                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88035.451822                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108952.506596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87984.579646                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88035.451822                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155018                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155018                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154354                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154354                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          379                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          379                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1479                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1479                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        155833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12008048500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12008048500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37503000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37503000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    144512500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    144512500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37503000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12152561000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12190064000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37503000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12152561000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12190064000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.533803                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.533803                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.973667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.973667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.533803                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.533803                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77795.512264                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77795.512264                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98952.506596                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98952.506596                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97709.601082                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97709.601082                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98952.506596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77984.515475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78035.387806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98952.506596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77984.515475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78035.387806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        312467                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156273                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1858                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155018                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1237                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154354                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154355                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1858                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       468680                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       468680                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 468680                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19918784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19918784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19918784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156212                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156212    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156212                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           933138000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          821582750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       313216                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156602                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          137                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            664                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          664                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2235                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       309842                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          709                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2883                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               7                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              7                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154373                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154374                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           716                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1519                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2135                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       467691                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                469826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        90816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19885888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19976704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156839                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9921536                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           313448                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002555                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.050487                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 312647     99.74%     99.74% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    801      0.26%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             313448                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          312141000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1074000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         233843499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
