
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                15267344125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 103581                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   184576                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               36844688                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1217380                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   414.37                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    42920976                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      76482738                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         161024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1561920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1722944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       161024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        161024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       487488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          487488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst            2516                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           24405                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               26921                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          7617                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               7617                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst          10546956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         102304631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             112851586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst     10546956                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         10546956                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        31930111                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             31930111                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        31930111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst         10546956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        102304631                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            144781698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       26921                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       7617                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     26921                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     7617                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1722944                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  485632                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1722944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               487488                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15264353500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 26921                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 7617                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   25644                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     945                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     260                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    458                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         6007                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    367.656401                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   199.005609                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   375.752718                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2595     43.20%     43.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          743     12.37%     55.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          364      6.06%     61.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          377      6.28%     67.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          434      7.22%     75.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          143      2.38%     77.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          106      1.76%     79.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          103      1.71%     80.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1142     19.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         6007                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          459                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      58.620915                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     22.496292                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    622.819189                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511           457     99.56%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            1      0.22%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            1      0.22%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           459                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          459                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.531590                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.504996                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.967024                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              345     75.16%     75.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              105     22.88%     98.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                5      1.09%     99.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                2      0.44%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.22%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.22%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           459                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    523481250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              1028250000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  134605000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     19445.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                38195.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       112.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        31.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    112.85                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     31.93                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.14                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      12.05                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    22161                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    6340                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 82.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                83.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     441958.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    82.52                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 20813100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 11062425                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                96839820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               18656280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         894915840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            468302310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             43538400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2384294040                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1216793760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1512596460                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             6668338335                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            436.771339                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14111291750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     73061500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     380078000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   5728360125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3168734000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     688339750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5228770750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 22084020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 11734140                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                95376120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               20953080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         823002960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            487976430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             25953120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2690550480                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1105258560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1323455640                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             6607324470                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            432.774975                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14124663000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     27747000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     348620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   5348859500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2878380750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     763294500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5900442375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                9247814                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          9247814                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           495705                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             7776320                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 662333                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             94793                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        7776320                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3372488                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         4403832                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       357861                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    9853528                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    4637012                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        59021                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        19648                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    7520538                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5435                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                  965                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7914417                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      54883218                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    9247814                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4034821                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     21918758                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 997914                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                2953                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        23727                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          114                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  7515270                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               124589                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30358933                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.285126                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.549184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                14374912     47.35%     47.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  709713      2.34%     49.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1159832      3.82%     53.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1116616      3.68%     57.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1052899      3.47%     60.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1356108      4.47%     65.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  731327      2.41%     67.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  886625      2.92%     70.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 8970901     29.55%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30358933                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.302863                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.797406                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 6131379                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              9605803                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 11859123                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              2263671                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                498957                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              97133006                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                498957                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 7142140                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3056666                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         42223                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 12780637                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              6838310                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              94784010                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               703729                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1965113                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4205                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               3430136                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          100978064                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            234844913                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       104421646                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         53096767                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             81583718                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                19394325                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              2385                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          2595                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 10640727                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            10745292                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            5281381                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           300795                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           98633                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  90039543                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              37337                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 85288021                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           205590                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       13594128                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     19888075                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         36174                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30358933                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.809322                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.431450                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            8437130     27.79%     27.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2700989      8.90%     36.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3816815     12.57%     49.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3838245     12.64%     61.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3309566     10.90%     72.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2863586      9.43%     82.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2887708      9.51%     91.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1482927      4.88%     96.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1021967      3.37%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30358933                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 539861     76.28%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                25902      3.66%     79.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     79.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     79.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     79.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     79.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     79.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     79.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     79.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     79.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     79.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     79.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     79.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     79.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     79.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     79.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     79.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     79.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     79.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     79.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     79.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     79.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     79.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     79.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     79.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     79.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 47115      6.66%     86.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                36543      5.16%     91.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            21828      3.08%     94.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           36451      5.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           342565      0.40%      0.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             55087032     64.59%     64.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               23048      0.03%     65.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                46308      0.05%     65.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           14895768     17.47%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5461792      6.40%     88.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            4164872      4.88%     93.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        4642564      5.44%     99.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        624072      0.73%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              85288021                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.793152                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     707700                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.008298                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         147549148                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         76011912                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     56603041                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           54299114                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          27659813                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     26974821                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              58403083                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses               27250073                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          790091                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1943507                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4770                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1650                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1161833                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          310                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          231                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                498957                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                1756231                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                73004                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           90076880                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             7337                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             10745292                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             5281381                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             14255                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  1563                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                71206                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          1650                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        135850                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       524815                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              660665                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             84100335                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9850103                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1187683                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    14484047                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 7165283                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   4633944                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.754255                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      83850619                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     83577862                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 62676161                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                103677138                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.737145                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.604532                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       13594394                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           1163                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           498458                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28311747                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.701449                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.129197                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10803752     38.16%     38.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      4734694     16.72%     54.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1465371      5.18%     60.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2835007     10.01%     70.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1053132      3.72%     73.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       662331      2.34%     76.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       457987      1.62%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       355608      1.26%     79.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5943865     20.99%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28311747                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            42920976                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              76482738                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      12921325                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      8801784                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                        132                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   6572364                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                  26725769                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 55717167                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              407211                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       217440      0.28%      0.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        48491407     63.40%     63.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          18060      0.02%     63.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           39959      0.05%     63.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      14794547     19.34%     83.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     83.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     83.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     83.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     83.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     83.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     83.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     83.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        4218101      5.52%     88.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       3611325      4.72%     93.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      4583683      5.99%     99.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       508216      0.66%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         76482738                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              5943865                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   112445014                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  182242806                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                           1493                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                         175756                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   42920976                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     76482738                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.711416                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.711416                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.405646                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.405646                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                86228268                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               46299231                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 52711019                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                24424607                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 33251495                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                18420253                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               32044887                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            24134                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          996.486253                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            7036554                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            24134                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           291.561863                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           176500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   996.486253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.973131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.973131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          242                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          754                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         52525242                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        52525242                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8995633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8995633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      4100938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4100938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     13096571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        13096571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     13096571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       13096571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         8433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        20017                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        20017                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        28450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         28450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        28450                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        28450                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    650613500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    650613500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1798812000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1798812000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2449425500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2449425500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2449425500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2449425500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      9004066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9004066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4120955                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4120955                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     13125021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13125021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     13125021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13125021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004857                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004857                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77150.895292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77150.895292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89864.215417                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89864.215417                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86095.799649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86095.799649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86095.799649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86095.799649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         5659                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               58                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    97.568966                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        22887                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            22887                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           27                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3286                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3286                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        19990                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        19990                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        25164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        25164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        25164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    440118500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    440118500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1776771000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1776771000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2216889500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2216889500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2216889500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2216889500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004851                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004851                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001917                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001917                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85063.490530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85063.490530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88882.991496                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88882.991496                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88097.659355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88097.659355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88097.659355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88097.659355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2875                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1012.396795                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            2659319                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2875                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           924.980522                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1012.396795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.988669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          735                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          277                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         30064980                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        30064980                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      7510564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        7510564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      7510564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         7510564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      7510564                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        7510564                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         4705                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4705                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         4705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          4705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         4705                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         4705                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    298298999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    298298999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    298298999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    298298999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    298298999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    298298999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      7515269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7515269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      7515269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      7515269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      7515269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      7515269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000626                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000626                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63400.424867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63400.424867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63400.424867                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63400.424867                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63400.424867                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63400.424867                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1523                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               28                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    54.392857                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2875                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             2875                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          801                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          801                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         3904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         3904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         3904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    247826999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    247826999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    247826999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    247826999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    247826999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    247826999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63480.276383                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63480.276383                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63480.276383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63480.276383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63480.276383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63480.276383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     10703                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  9922.914084                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       12291                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     10703                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.148370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       62.628177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      1025.322641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data      8834.963266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.062581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.539243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.605647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          229                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        16129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    475375                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   475375                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        22887                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            22887                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2851                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             2851                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                90                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    90                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1382                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1382                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data           662                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               662                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                  752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1382                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                 752                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2134                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           19895                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               19895                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         2516                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2516                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         4511                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            4511                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               2516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              24406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  26922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              2516                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             24406                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 26922                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1745839500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1745839500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    227367500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    227367500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    425231500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    425231500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    227367500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2171071000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       2398438500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    227367500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2171071000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      2398438500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        22887                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        22887                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2851                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2851                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         19985                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             19985                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         3898                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           3898                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         5173                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          5173                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             3898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            25158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                29056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            3898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           25158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               29056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.995497                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.995497                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.645459                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.645459                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.872028                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.872028                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.645459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.970109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.926556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.645459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.970109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.926556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87752.676552                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87752.676552                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 90368.640700                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90368.640700                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94265.462204                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94265.462204                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 90368.640700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88956.445136                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89088.422108                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 90368.640700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88956.445136                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89088.422108                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 7617                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      7617                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        19895                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          19895                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2516                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2516                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4510                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         4510                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          2516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         24405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             26921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        24405                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            26921                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1546889500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1546889500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    202207500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    202207500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    380075500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    380075500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    202207500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1926965000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2129172500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    202207500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1926965000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2129172500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.995497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.645459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.645459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.871835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.871835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.645459                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.970069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.926521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.645459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.970069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.926521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77752.676552                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77752.676552                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 80368.640700                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80368.640700                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84273.946785                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84273.946785                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 80368.640700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78957.795534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79089.651202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 80368.640700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78957.795534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79089.651202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         36600                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         9682                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7026                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7617                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2062                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             19895                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            19895                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          7026                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        63521                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        63521                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  63521                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2210432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2210432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2210432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             26921                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   26921    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               26921                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            69404000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          142459250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        56077                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        27015                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           51                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1029                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1029                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              9077                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        30504                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2875                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            4333                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            19985                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           19985                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          3904                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5173                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        10677                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        74462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 85139                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       433472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3074880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                3508352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           10709                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    487872                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            39771                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.027306                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.162977                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  38685     97.27%     97.27% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1086      2.73%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              39771                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           53800500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           5856499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          37740998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
