
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3709964622375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              116828504                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                216487682                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              319620986                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    47.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5580548191                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10340971012                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12288640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12288640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        43136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           43136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          192010                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              192010                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           674                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                674                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         804897034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             804897034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2825377                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2825377                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2825377                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        804897034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            807722411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      192010                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        674                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    192010                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      674                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12282944                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    5696                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   43008                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12288640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                43136                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     89                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267339500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                192010                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  674                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  145348                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43508                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3019                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97233                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    126.754661                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   108.937227                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.546470                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        43146     44.37%     44.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43650     44.89%     89.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9076      9.33%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1202      1.24%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          113      0.12%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           16      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            7      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            7      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           16      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97233                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           42                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    4550.476190                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   4420.987979                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1138.786672                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            2      4.76%      4.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            1      2.38%      7.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            1      2.38%      9.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            4      9.52%     19.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            4      9.52%     28.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            1      2.38%     30.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            6     14.29%     45.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            8     19.05%     64.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            5     11.90%     76.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            2      4.76%     80.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            2      4.76%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            1      2.38%     88.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            2      4.76%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            2      4.76%     97.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            1      2.38%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            42                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           42                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               42    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            42                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4707973000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8306491750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  959605000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24530.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43280.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       804.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.82                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    804.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.83                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    94772                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     582                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      79235.12                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                341320560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                181416180                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               672380940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                2176740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205923680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1593778140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24405600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5213074080                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       106024800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     641940.000000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9341142660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            611.838089                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11707843000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9882000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     510126000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF       373000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    276214250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3039458500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11431290375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                352965900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                187583055                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               697935000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1331100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1640398440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24533280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5176476090                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        97600800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9383518065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.613648                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11604613750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9594000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    253832500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3143281250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11351036375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1706672                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1706672                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            79945                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1352618                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  62379                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              9679                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1352618                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            708686                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          643932                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        29793                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     828647                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      84073                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       154971                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1372                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1381054                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         6115                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1418033                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5169653                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1706672                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            771065                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28927130                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 163820                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       921                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1467                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        51104                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           59                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1374939                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                10967                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      4                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30480624                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.341827                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.475744                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28511015     93.54%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   32724      0.11%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  648618      2.13%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   38196      0.13%     95.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  139986      0.46%     96.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   81565      0.27%     96.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   94198      0.31%     96.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   32982      0.11%     97.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  901340      2.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30480624                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.055893                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.169304                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  734715                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28346618                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   992882                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               324499                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 81910                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8632718                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 81910                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  839597                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27063757                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         15350                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1134213                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1345797                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               8258278                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                88551                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1015917                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                265427                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1309                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            9818411                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             22693002                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        11053063                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            61676                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3443609                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6374798                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               301                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           378                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2001442                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1424818                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             121198                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             7110                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            6898                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7769034                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               6766                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5636226                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             8686                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4909654                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9772667                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          6766                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30480624                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.184912                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.802161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28267859     92.74%     92.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             839355      2.75%     95.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             456315      1.50%     96.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             314134      1.03%     98.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             326602      1.07%     99.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             115256      0.38%     99.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              95499      0.31%     99.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              38675      0.13%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              26929      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30480624                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  16474     70.68%     70.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     70.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     70.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1775      7.62%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     78.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4350     18.66%     96.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  425      1.82%     98.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              264      1.13%     99.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              20      0.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            24921      0.44%      0.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4611265     81.81%     82.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1747      0.03%     82.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                15740      0.28%     82.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              22344      0.40%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              865254     15.35%     98.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              90179      1.60%     99.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           4731      0.08%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            45      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5636226                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.184584                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      23308                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004135                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          41728444                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         12632794                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5375606                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              56626                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             52664                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        24324                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5605434                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  29179                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            7268                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       913700                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          260                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            5                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        75156                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           65                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1225                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 81910                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24832287                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               268463                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7775800                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5132                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1424818                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              121198                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2444                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 18695                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                66320                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             5                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         41553                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        51430                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               92983                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5519617                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               828263                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           116609                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      912318                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  643682                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     84055                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.180765                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5423930                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5399930                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3980083                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  6359960                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.176846                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.625803                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4910433                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            81908                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29775988                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.096257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.589791                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28584537     96.00%     96.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       532506      1.79%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       135672      0.46%     98.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       344173      1.16%     99.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        67199      0.23%     99.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        36488      0.12%     99.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9235      0.03%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6294      0.02%     99.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        59884      0.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29775988                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1435118                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2866145                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        557159                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       511117                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    490254                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     18434                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2847509                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                8125                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         5558      0.19%      0.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2273890     79.34%     79.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            325      0.01%     79.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           13457      0.47%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         15756      0.55%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         508439     17.74%     98.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         46042      1.61%     99.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2678      0.09%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2866145                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                59884                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37492682                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   16260204                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            424                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          54064                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1435118                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2866145                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             21.276779                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       21.276779                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.047000                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.047000                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5773353                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4682722                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    43210                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   21589                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3339766                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1504483                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2816109                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           248106                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             414324                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           248106                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.669948                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          859                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3693362                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3693362                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       371202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         371202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        44968                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         44968                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       416170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          416170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       416170                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         416170                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       444070                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       444070                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1074                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1074                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       445144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        445144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       445144                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       445144                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34769108000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34769108000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     54310497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     54310497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34823418497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34823418497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34823418497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34823418497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       815272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       815272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        46042                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        46042                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       861314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       861314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       861314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       861314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.544689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.544689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.023327                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.023327                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.516820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.516820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.516820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.516820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78296.457766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78296.457766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50568.432961                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50568.432961                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78229.558293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78229.558293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78229.558293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78229.558293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        23262                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              899                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.875417                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2390                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2390                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       197032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       197032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       197037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       197037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       197037                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       197037                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       247038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       247038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1069                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1069                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       248107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       248107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       248107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       248107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19151030500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19151030500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     52825497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52825497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19203855997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19203855997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19203855997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19203855997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.303013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.023218                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023218                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.288056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.288056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.288056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.288056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77522.609882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77522.609882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49415.806361                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49415.806361                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77401.508208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77401.508208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77401.508208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77401.508208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5499756                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5499756                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1374939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1374939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1374939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1374939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1374939                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1374939                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1374939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1374939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1374939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1374939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1374939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1374939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    192023                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      300188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    192023                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.563292                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.744584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.255416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10418                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4681                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4159615                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4159615                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2390                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2390                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               622                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   622                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         55476                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             55476                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                56098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    56098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               56098                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   56098                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             447                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 447                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       191562                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          191562                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             192009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 192009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            192009                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                192009                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     44418000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      44418000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18167876500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18167876500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18212294500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18212294500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18212294500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18212294500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2390                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2390                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1069                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1069                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       247038                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        247038                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           248107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               248107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          248107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              248107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.418148                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.418148                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.775435                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.775435                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.773896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.773896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.773896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.773896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99369.127517                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99369.127517                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94840.712145                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94840.712145                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94851.254368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94851.254368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94851.254368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94851.254368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  674                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       674                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            3                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             3                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          447                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            447                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       191562                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       191562                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        192009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            192009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       192009                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           192009                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     39948000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39948000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16252246500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16252246500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16292194500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16292194500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16292194500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16292194500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.418148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.418148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.775435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.775435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.773896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.773896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.773896                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.773896                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89369.127517                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89369.127517                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84840.659943                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84840.659943                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84851.202287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84851.202287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84851.202287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84851.202287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        384010                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       192009                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             191563                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          674                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           191326                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               447                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              447                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        191563                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       576020                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       576020                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 576020                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12331776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12331776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12331776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            192010                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  192010    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              192010                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           452728000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1038500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       496213                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       248109                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          505                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             24                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           22                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            247037                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3064                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          437065                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1069                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1069                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       247038                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       744319                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                744319                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16031744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16031744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          192023                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     43136                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           440130                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001213                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.034941                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 439598     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    530      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             440130                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          250496500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         372159000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
