
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10519200102125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               66761581                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                124728839                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              164590351                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    92.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6192778895                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11569801874                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          21312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10013312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10034624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        21312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         21312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9933184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9933184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             333                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156458                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156791                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155206                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155206                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1395921                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         655864695                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             657260616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1395921                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1395921                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       650616369                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            650616369                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       650616369                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1395921                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        655864695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1307876985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156791                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155206                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156791                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155206                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10034624                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9933568                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10034624                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9933184                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267313000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156791                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155206                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155841                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     602                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     211                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9695                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9727                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9725                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27484                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    726.552758                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   564.982301                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   361.825808                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1963      7.14%      7.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2661      9.68%     16.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2112      7.68%     24.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1390      5.06%     29.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1269      4.62%     34.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1422      5.17%     39.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1512      5.50%     44.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1529      5.56%     50.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13626     49.58%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27484                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9697                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.169640                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.115946                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.647892                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               6      0.06%      0.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             44      0.45%      0.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            90      0.93%      1.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9358     96.50%     97.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           154      1.59%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            28      0.29%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             4      0.04%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             3      0.03%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             1      0.01%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             4      0.04%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-59             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9697                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9697                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.006187                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.005617                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.145628                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9675     99.77%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                4      0.04%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                8      0.08%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                4      0.04%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                3      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                2      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9697                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2893535750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5833367000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  783955000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18454.73                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37204.73                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       657.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       650.64                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    657.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    650.62                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143284                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141235                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48934.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98553420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52386180                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               562217880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              406063800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         754163280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1521209730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             62351520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2079123450                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       326730720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1575223260                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7438023240                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            487.185144                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11766453750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     42642750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     319656000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6358644500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    850895875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3136117500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4559387500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97682340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51915600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               557269860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              404142840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         748016880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1503178350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             68628960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2072989680                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       319145760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1587102240                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7410072510                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.354391                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11791945500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     54944500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     317032000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6415037500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    831060750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3103383750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4545885625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1275856                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1275856                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6354                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1268609                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3467                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               750                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1268609                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1233898                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           34711                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4495                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     346690                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1261538                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          729                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2623                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      48286                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          200                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             68360                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5591043                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1275856                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1237365                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30431928                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  13158                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  94                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          732                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    48175                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1851                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30507696                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.369519                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.629848                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28870737     94.63%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   39115      0.13%     94.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42083      0.14%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  224122      0.73%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   26698      0.09%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8726      0.03%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8915      0.03%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   24773      0.08%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1262527      4.14%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30507696                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.041784                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.183105                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  409179                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28678444                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   621860                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               791634                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6579                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11213107                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6579                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  672746                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 226739                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         12104                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1148824                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28440704                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11181347                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1326                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17292                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4713                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28160503                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14256461                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23632817                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12840891                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           306099                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             13999064                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  257397                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               123                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           126                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4765082                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              356716                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1269230                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20419                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           16188                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11122660                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                750                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11063271                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1903                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         166075                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       241064                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           640                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30507696                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.362639                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.236449                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27499829     90.14%     90.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             481602      1.58%     91.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             526235      1.72%     93.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             348320      1.14%     94.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             324964      1.07%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1004562      3.29%     98.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             118085      0.39%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             179729      0.59%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              24370      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30507696                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  72588     94.37%     94.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  360      0.47%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   820      1.07%     95.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  210      0.27%     96.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2763      3.59%     99.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             179      0.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4185      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9363718     84.64%     84.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  83      0.00%     84.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  273      0.00%     84.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              82710      0.75%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              302820      2.74%     88.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1224756     11.07%     99.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46558      0.42%     99.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38168      0.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11063271                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.362318                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      76920                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006953                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52339261                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11082640                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10857691                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             373800                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            207022                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       183181                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10947506                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 188500                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            1996                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23064                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           45                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          189                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12512                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           19                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          586                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6579                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  53563                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               139403                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11123410                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              664                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               356716                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1269230                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               327                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   369                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               138892                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           189                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1713                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6278                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7991                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11048345                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               346537                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            14926                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1608040                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1250341                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1261503                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.361829                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11043946                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11040872                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8071359                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11271189                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.361585                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.716105                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         166343                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6439                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30481208                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.359478                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.262585                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27564898     90.43%     90.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       349823      1.15%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       323383      1.06%     92.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1099621      3.61%     96.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        78282      0.26%     96.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       668793      2.19%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72195      0.24%     98.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22084      0.07%     99.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       302129      0.99%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30481208                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5413320                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              10957335                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1590370                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       333652                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1243762                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    179446                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10860957                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2239      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9283775     84.73%     84.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         80665      0.74%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         289461      2.64%     88.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1219046     11.13%     99.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44191      0.40%     99.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37672      0.34%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         10957335                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               302129                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41302757                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   22274345                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            268                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          26992                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5413320                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     10957335                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.640658                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.640658                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.177284                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.177284                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12626841                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8383375                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   283809                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  144376                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6237459                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5567776                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4115853                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156514                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1452359                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.279419                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          921                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6557778                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6557778                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       339887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         339887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1101546                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1101546                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1441433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1441433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1441433                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1441433                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3683                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3683                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155200                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155200                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158883                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158883                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    344483500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    344483500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14008868996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14008868996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14353352496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14353352496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14353352496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14353352496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       343570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       343570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1256746                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1256746                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1600316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1600316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1600316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1600316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.123494                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.123494                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.099282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.099282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93533.396687                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93533.396687                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90263.331160                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90263.331160                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90339.133173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90339.133173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90339.133173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90339.133173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        16596                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          215                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              175                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    94.834286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   107.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155549                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155549                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2366                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2366                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155190                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155190                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156517                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156517                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    140518500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    140518500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13852911997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13852911997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13993430497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13993430497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13993430497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13993430497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003862                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003862                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.123486                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123486                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105891.861341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105891.861341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89264.205149                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89264.205149                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89405.179610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89405.179610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89405.179610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89405.179610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              602                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.402734                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              10903                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              602                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            18.111296                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.402734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          806                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           193305                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          193305                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        47427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          47427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        47427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           47427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        47427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          47427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          748                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          748                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          748                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          748                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     48269000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     48269000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     48269000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     48269000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     48269000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     48269000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        48175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        48175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        48175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        48175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        48175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        48175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64530.748663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64530.748663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64530.748663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64530.748663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64530.748663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64530.748663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          602                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              602                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          143                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          143                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          605                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          605                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39387500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39387500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39387500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39387500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39387500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39387500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65103.305785                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65103.305785                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65103.305785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65103.305785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65103.305785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65103.305785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157322                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156772                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157322                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996504                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       58.478297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        35.852512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16289.669192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          959                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9537                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5784                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2670978                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2670978                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155549                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155549                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          601                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              601                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            269                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                269                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            36                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                36                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   55                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 269                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  55                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     324                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          155168                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              155168                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          333                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              333                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1291                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1291                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               333                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156459                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156792                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13619941500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13619941500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35630000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     35630000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    138079500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    138079500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35630000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13758021000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13793651000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35630000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13758021000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13793651000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155549                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155549                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          601                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          601                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155187                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155187                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          602                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            602                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1327                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1327                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999878                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999878                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.553156                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.553156                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.972871                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.972871                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.553156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.553156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87775.453057                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87775.453057                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106996.996997                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106996.996997                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106955.460883                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106955.460883                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106996.996997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87933.714264                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87974.201490                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106996.996997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87933.714264                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87974.201490                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155207                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155207                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155167                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         155167                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          333                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          333                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1291                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1291                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156791                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12068120000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12068120000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     32300000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32300000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    125169500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    125169500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     32300000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12193289500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12225589500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     32300000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12193289500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12225589500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.553156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.553156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.972871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.972871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.553156                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.553156                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77775.042374                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77775.042374                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96996.996997                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96996.996997                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96955.460883                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96955.460883                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96996.996997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77933.307980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77973.796328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96996.996997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77933.307980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77973.796328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        313442                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156670                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1624                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155206                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1445                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            155167                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155168                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1624                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       470234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       470234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 470234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19967872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19967872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19967872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156791                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156791    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156791                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           934788500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          824547500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       314238                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157117                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          110                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            773                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          773                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1932                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       310756                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          602                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3080                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155187                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155187                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           605                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1327                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1809                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       469548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                471357                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        77056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19972032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20049088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157325                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9933440                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           314444                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002808                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.052917                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 313561     99.72%     99.72% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    883      0.28%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             314444                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          313270000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            907500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         234774496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
