
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4656539958125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              121713968                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                225798482                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              328073581                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    46.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5664120644                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10507833407                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12445504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12445504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        32640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           32640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          194461                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              194461                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           510                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                510                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         815171512                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             815171512                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2137896                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2137896                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2137896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        815171512                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            817309409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      194459                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        510                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    194459                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      510                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12441728                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3776                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   32768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12445376                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                32640                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     59                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267372000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                194459                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  510                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  146570                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44662                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97142                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    128.408474                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.327166                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.029975                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42003     43.24%     43.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44048     45.34%     88.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9651      9.93%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1293      1.33%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          111      0.11%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           12      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           12      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97142                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    6148.343750                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   5954.290428                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1583.264423                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583            1      3.12%      3.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            2      6.25%      9.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            2      6.25%     15.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            2      6.25%     21.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            8     25.00%     46.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            2      6.25%     53.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            3      9.38%     62.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            5     15.62%     78.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      3.12%     81.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            3      9.38%     90.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      3.12%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      3.12%     96.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            1      3.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           32                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               32    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            32                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4722037250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8367074750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  972010000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24290.32                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.05                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43040.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       814.92                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    815.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.14                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    97309                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     454                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                89.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78306.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                343791000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                182725455                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               690309480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1611289110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24540480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5189465250                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       111168480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9358598295                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            612.981421                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11668633500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    289145250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3079166750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11379572125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                349867140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                185928435                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               697720800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2672640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1637984490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24447840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5172237570                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       103272480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9378825795                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.306308                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11611830250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9446250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509655500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    269107500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3136286250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11342848625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1665807                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1665807                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            80119                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1368776                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  62664                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              9310                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1368776                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            680849                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          687927                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        28709                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     808989                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      65753                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       148390                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1163                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1309483                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         7560                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1346044                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5034958                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1665807                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            743513                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28943770                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 165470                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      4020                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1688                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        68912                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         1346                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1301923                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 9838                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      9                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30448515                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.334339                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.460751                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28537089     93.72%     93.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   25231      0.08%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  618242      2.03%     95.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   35881      0.12%     95.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  135330      0.44%     96.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   97326      0.32%     96.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   89956      0.30%     97.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   32600      0.11%     97.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  876860      2.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30448515                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.054555                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.164893                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  702601                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28402668                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   942821                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               317690                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 82735                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8299450                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 82735                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  805924                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26962750                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         13096                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1079063                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1504947                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7920136                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               129010                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1025889                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                444849                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   704                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            9437229                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             21774910                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        10568810                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            45048                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3114791                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6322541                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               269                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           337                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2003452                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1385238                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              98457                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             5667                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            6469                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7464579                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               6200                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5404886                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             7741                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4877625                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9475144                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          6200                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30448515                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.177509                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.780388                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28297836     92.94%     92.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             828048      2.72%     95.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             445652      1.46%     97.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             305124      1.00%     98.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             314192      1.03%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             110868      0.36%     99.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              90941      0.30%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              33424      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              22430      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30448515                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  13706     65.58%     65.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     65.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     65.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1330      6.36%     71.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     71.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     71.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     71.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     71.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     71.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     71.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     71.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     71.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     71.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     71.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     71.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     71.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     71.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     71.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     71.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     71.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     71.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     71.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     71.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     71.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     71.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     71.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     71.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     71.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     71.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     71.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5418     25.92%     97.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  316      1.51%     99.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              114      0.55%     99.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              16      0.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            22823      0.42%      0.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4428774     81.94%     82.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1611      0.03%     82.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                12012      0.22%     82.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              16958      0.31%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              848787     15.70%     98.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              70957      1.31%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2901      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            63      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5404886                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.177008                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      20900                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003867                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          41245416                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         12311006                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5154634                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              41510                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             37402                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        18407                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5381576                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  21387                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            5106                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       908174                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          183                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        64182                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           42                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1196                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 82735                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24420772                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               309069                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7470779                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             6012                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1385238                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               98457                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2239                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 21056                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               111834                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         40712                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        52031                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               92743                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5290863                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               808697                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           114021                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      874422                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  619482                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     65725                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.173274                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5195366                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5173041                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3815008                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  6065802                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.169415                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.628937                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4878682                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            82732                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29742211                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.087191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.550658                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28633962     96.27%     96.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       506280      1.70%     97.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       123120      0.41%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       324262      1.09%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62952      0.21%     99.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        32612      0.11%     99.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7071      0.02%     99.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4964      0.02%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        46988      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29742211                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1298936                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2593252                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        511360                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       477085                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    454664                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     13754                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2579354                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                6045                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         4156      0.16%      0.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2055651     79.27%     79.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            242      0.01%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           10095      0.39%     79.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         11748      0.45%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         475079     18.32%     98.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         34275      1.32%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2006      0.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2593252                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                46988                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37167157                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   15652114                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            643                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          86173                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1298936                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2593252                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             23.507461                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       23.507461                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.042540                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.042540                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5472015                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4496816                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    32699                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   16305                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3210601                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1453531                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2717121                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           240656                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             398649                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           240656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.656510                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          770                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3574276                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3574276                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       365982                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         365982                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        33299                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         33299                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       399281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          399281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       399281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         399281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       433152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       433152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          972                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          972                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       434124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        434124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       434124                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       434124                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34981227000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34981227000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     42610000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     42610000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35023837000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35023837000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35023837000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35023837000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       799134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       799134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        34271                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        34271                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       833405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       833405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       833405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       833405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.542027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.542027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.028362                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.028362                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.520904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.520904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.520904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.520904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80759.703291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80759.703291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43837.448560                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43837.448560                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80677.034672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80677.034672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80677.034672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80677.034672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        19607                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              839                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    23.369487                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2247                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2247                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       193457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       193457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       193470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       193470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       193470                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       193470                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       239695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       239695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          959                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       240654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       240654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       240654                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       240654                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19235340500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19235340500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     40425500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40425500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19275766000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19275766000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19275766000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19275766000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.299943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027983                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027983                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.288760                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.288760                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.288760                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.288760                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80249.235487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80249.235487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42153.806048                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42153.806048                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80097.426180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80097.426180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80097.426180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80097.426180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5207692                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5207692                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1301923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1301923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1301923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1301923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1301923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1301923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1301923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1301923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1301923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1301923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1301923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1301923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    194480                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      288912                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    194480                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.485561                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.866733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.041515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.091752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10730                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4042768                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4042768                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2247                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2247                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               638                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   638                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         45557                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             45557                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                46195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    46195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               46195                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   46195                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             321                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 321                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       194138                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          194138                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             194459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 194459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            194459                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                194459                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     31967000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      31967000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18369228000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18369228000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18401195000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18401195000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18401195000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18401195000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2247                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2247                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           959                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               959                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       239695                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        239695                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           240654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               240654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          240654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              240654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.334724                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.334724                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.809938                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.809938                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.808044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.808044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.808044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.808044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99585.669782                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99585.669782                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94619.435659                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94619.435659                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94627.633589                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94627.633589                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94627.633589                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94627.633589                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  510                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       510                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          321                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            321                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       194138                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       194138                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        194459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            194459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       194459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           194459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     28757000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28757000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16427828000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16427828000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16456585000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16456585000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16456585000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16456585000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.334724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.809938                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.809938                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.808044                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.808044                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.808044                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.808044                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89585.669782                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89585.669782                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84619.332640                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84619.332640                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84627.530739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84627.530739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84627.530739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84627.530739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        388910                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       194460                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             194140                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          510                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           193941                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               321                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              321                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        194138                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       583371                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       583371                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 583371                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12478144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12478144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12478144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            194459                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  194459    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              194459                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           458674500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1051097750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       481310                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       240657                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          553                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             33                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           30                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            3                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            239697                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2757                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          432379                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              959                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             959                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       239695                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       721966                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                721966                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15545792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15545792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          194480                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     32640                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           435134                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001356                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036985                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 434547     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    584      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             435134                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          242902000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         360984000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
