
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                76336720625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 616021                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1149547                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               52640375                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1218832                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   290.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   178665225                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     333404268                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         251904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             252032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       225600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          225600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            3936                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3938                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3525                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3525                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16499530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16507914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        14776637                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             14776637                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        14776637                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16499530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             31284551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3938                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3525                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3938                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3525                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 252032                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  225024                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  252032                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               225600                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15268498000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3938                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3525                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4719                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    101.092604                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    77.645657                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   132.170698                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4069     86.23%     86.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          319      6.76%     92.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          116      2.46%     95.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           70      1.48%     96.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           41      0.87%     97.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           37      0.78%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           24      0.51%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           19      0.40%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           24      0.51%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4719                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          197                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      19.918782                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     19.721533                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      3.059529                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17            13      6.60%      6.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19           102     51.78%     58.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21            50     25.38%     83.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23            10      5.08%     88.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25            10      5.08%     93.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27             4      2.03%     95.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29             4      2.03%     97.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31             2      1.02%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             1      0.51%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-37             1      0.51%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           197                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          197                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.847716                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.839921                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.512255                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               13      6.60%      6.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                4      2.03%      8.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              180     91.37%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           197                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    366121750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               439959250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   19690000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     92971.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               111721.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        14.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     14.78                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.61                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       63                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2672                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                75.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2045892.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    36.65                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 17542980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  9324315                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                14701260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                9860580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1224362880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            498702120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             51591360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3122729040                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      2238360960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        449489280                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7637895885                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            500.276657                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          13984607000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     85501000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     519534000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1359297125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5829098750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     625867750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6848045500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 16150680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  8584290                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                13416060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                8492940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1290744000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            513528390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             57037440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2855942820                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2472690720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        490811220                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7728496950                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            506.210962                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13990231750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     99238500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     548094000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1287865750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   6439287000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     629779875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6263079000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13176998                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13176998                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1090957                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            10876748                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1014223                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            214476                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       10876748                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3537387                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7339361                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       799797                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10000240                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7465262                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       134687                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        44544                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    8922659                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        15109                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9650273                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59562336                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13176998                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4551610                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19709664                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2199830                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                8256                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        66306                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8907551                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               272058                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.734090                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.581546                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12385322     40.56%     40.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  868977      2.85%     43.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1232205      4.04%     47.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1392259      4.56%     52.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1134184      3.71%     55.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1093550      3.58%     59.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1014546      3.32%     62.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  890629      2.92%     65.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10522742     34.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.431542                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.950645                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8525304                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4407464                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15526643                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               975088                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1099915                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108438464                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1099915                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9304138                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3292540                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         38453                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15658877                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1140491                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103288142                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  241                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 74167                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    30                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               1013156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          109830025                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            259867019                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       155187710                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3166885                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             67644905                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                42185088                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1333                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1857                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   972285                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11966580                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8862570                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           524887                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          221898                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  92865486                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              62787                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 82573032                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           456614                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       29510462                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43294717                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         62763                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534414                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.704261                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.523729                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9906721     32.44%     32.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2886566      9.45%     41.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3034030      9.94%     51.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3095387     10.14%     61.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3118693     10.21%     72.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2771152      9.08%     81.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3059359     10.02%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1654489      5.42%     96.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1008017      3.30%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534414                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 803621     74.02%     74.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     74.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     74.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                12655      1.17%     75.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     75.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     75.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     75.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     75.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     75.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     75.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     75.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     75.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     75.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     75.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     75.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     75.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     75.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     75.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     75.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     75.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     75.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     75.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     75.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     75.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     75.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     75.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     75.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     75.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                102435      9.44%     84.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                83568      7.70%     92.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              174      0.02%     92.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           83203      7.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           527705      0.64%      0.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             62393368     75.56%     76.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               51044      0.06%     76.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                88116      0.11%     76.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1166072      1.41%     77.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10158175     12.30%     90.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7527362      9.12%     99.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         394242      0.48%     99.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        266948      0.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              82573032                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.704237                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1085656                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013148                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         193324671                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119404168                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     77062247                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3898074                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3035611                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1772538                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              81164002                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                1966981                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1273738                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4300383                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        11387                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2609                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2569802                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           65                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            8                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1099915                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3356493                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 1455                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           92928273                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            13658                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11966580                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8862570                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             22362                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   138                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 1238                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2609                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        297249                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1145908                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1443157                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             79999415                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9993955                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2573614                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17451479                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8609078                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7457524                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.619952                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      79448438                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     78834785                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 55009088                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 86132678                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.581811                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.638655                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       29510868                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             24                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1099248                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26081023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.431568                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.736391                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9467539     36.30%     36.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3745791     14.36%     50.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2645083     10.14%     60.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3514943     13.48%     74.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1121482      4.30%     78.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1096423      4.20%     82.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       786232      3.01%     85.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       476672      1.83%     87.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3226858     12.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26081023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            33506567                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              63417789                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      13958959                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7666190                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7319490                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1312811                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 62431615                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              466292                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       261462      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        48089113     75.83%     76.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          40162      0.06%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           76405      0.12%     76.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        991688      1.56%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7388754     11.65%     89.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6292769      9.92%     99.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       277436      0.44%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         63417789                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3226858                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   115782822                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  190402038                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             27                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            274                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   33506567                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     63417789                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.911305                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.911305                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.097328                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.097328                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               115457629                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               61764814                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2502974                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1240559                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 39851908                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                20975245                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35203538                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5277                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1502817                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5277                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           284.786242                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          260                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         59556181                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        59556181                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8587371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8587371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6292582                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6292582                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     14879953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        14879953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     14879953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       14879953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4401                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4401                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3372                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3372                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         7773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          7773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         7773                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         7773                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    162653500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    162653500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    585816000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    585816000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    748469500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    748469500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    748469500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    748469500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8591772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8591772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6295954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6295954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     14887726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14887726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     14887726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14887726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000536                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000536                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36958.304931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36958.304931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 173729.537367                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173729.537367                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96290.943008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96290.943008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96290.943008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96290.943008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           44                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           22                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         4012                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             4012                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2493                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2493                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5280                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5280                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     84221500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84221500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    579607500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    579607500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    663829000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    663829000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    663829000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    663829000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000532                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000532                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43570.356958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43570.356958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 173172.243800                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173172.243800                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 125725.189394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125725.189394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 125725.189394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125725.189394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1607                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.000016                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             417657                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1607                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           259.898569                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.000016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          998                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35631814                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35631814                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8905887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8905887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8905887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8905887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8905887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8905887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1664                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1664                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1664                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1664                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     21382500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21382500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     21382500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     21382500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     21382500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     21382500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8907551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8907551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8907551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8907551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8907551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8907551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12850.060096                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12850.060096                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12850.060096                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12850.060096                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12850.060096                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12850.060096                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1607                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1607                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           54                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           54                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     19445500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19445500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     19445500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     19445500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     19445500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     19445500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000181                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000181                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000181                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000181                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12077.950311                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12077.950311                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12077.950311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12077.950311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12077.950311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12077.950311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      3945                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        3846                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3945                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.974905                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      104.603016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst       106.030028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16173.366956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.006384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.006472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.987144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2300                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13812                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    114001                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   114001                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4012                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             4012                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1607                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1607                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1605                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1605                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1334                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1334                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1605                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1341                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2946                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3337                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3337                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          599                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             599                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               3936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              3936                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3938                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    574477500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     574477500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       173500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       173500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     67155500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     67155500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       173500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    641633000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        641806500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       173500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    641633000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       641806500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4012                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4012                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1607                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1607                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3344                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3344                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1607                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1607                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1933                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1933                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 6884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                6884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997907                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.997907                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001245                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.001245                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.309881                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.309881                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.001245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.745878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.572051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.001245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.745878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.572051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 172153.880731                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172153.880731                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        86750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 112112.687813                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112112.687813                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 163016.514228                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162977.780599                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 163016.514228                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162977.780599                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3525                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3525                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           10                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            10                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3337                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3337                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          599                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          599                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          3936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    541107500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    541107500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       153500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       153500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     61165500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61165500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       153500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    602273000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    602426500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       153500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    602273000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    602426500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.309881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.309881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.745878                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.572051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001245                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.745878                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.572051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 162153.880731                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162153.880731                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        76750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        76750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102112.687813                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102112.687813                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        76750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 153016.514228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152977.780599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        76750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 153016.514228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152977.780599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7712                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3777                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                601                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3525                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              249                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3337                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3337                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           601                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        11650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        11650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       477632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       477632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  477632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3938                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3938    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3938                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            22794500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21679750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        13774                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         6883                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           20                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            181                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          181                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              3543                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7537                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1607                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1685                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3344                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3344                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1610                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1933                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4824                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        15837                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 20661                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       205696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       594496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 800192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            3948                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    225792                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            10835                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.018459                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.134609                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  10635     98.15%     98.15% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    200      1.85%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              10835                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           12506000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2415000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           7917000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
