
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10503932758000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               67749007                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                126564379                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              167170824                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    91.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6187365575                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11558844539                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          24640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9996096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10020736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        24640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         24640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9948992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9948992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             385                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156189                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156574                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155453                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155453                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1613902                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         654737060                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             656350962                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1613902                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1613902                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       651651782                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            651651782                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       651651782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1613902                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        654737060                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1308002743                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156574                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155453                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156574                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155453                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10020736                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9948672                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10020736                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9948992                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            10028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267367000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156574                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155453                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155474                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     721                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     273                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      90                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9722                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9727                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9749                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27524                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    725.524778                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   559.122179                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   364.961385                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2114      7.68%      7.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2762     10.03%     17.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1814      6.59%     24.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1519      5.52%     29.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1194      4.34%     34.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1387      5.04%     39.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1381      5.02%     44.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1688      6.13%     50.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13665     49.65%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27524                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9708                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.127833                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.077224                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.633908                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               4      0.04%      0.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             46      0.47%      0.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           102      1.05%      1.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9410     96.93%     98.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           101      1.04%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            29      0.30%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             5      0.05%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             1      0.01%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             1      0.01%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             1      0.01%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             3      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-59             2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9708                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9708                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.012361                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.011214                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.205647                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9668     99.59%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                4      0.04%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               10      0.10%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               12      0.12%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               10      0.10%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                4      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9708                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2891065500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5826828000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  782870000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18464.53                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37214.53                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       656.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       651.63                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    656.35                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    651.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143022                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141477                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48929.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 99210300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52735320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               563274600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              407901240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         756007200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1524640560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             63409920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2099046660                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       320854080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1564838580                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7451986440                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            488.099723                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11758562625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     46520500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     320406000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6319826500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    835534000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3141847750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4603209375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97303920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51718260                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               554663760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403537320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         745558320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1505153970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             66793440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2069755500                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       315599520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1590023760                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7400183880                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            484.706693                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11705188625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     51286750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     316016000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6431643875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    821892250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3107579750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4538925500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1307008                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1307008                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7667                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1298721                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4380                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               928                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1298721                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1256878                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           41843                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5437                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     351710                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1289649                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          914                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2716                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      54675                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          227                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   67                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             80729                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5724693                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1307008                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1261258                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30411625                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  15876                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 116                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          908                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           16                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    54547                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2250                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30501332                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.378224                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.648292                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28828051     94.51%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   40194      0.13%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42860      0.14%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  225134      0.74%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   28041      0.09%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    9544      0.03%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    9811      0.03%     95.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   25304      0.08%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1292393      4.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30501332                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.042804                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.187482                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  415457                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28631542                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   644004                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               802391                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  7938                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11464496                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  7938                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  693374                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 283843                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         16028                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1167264                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28332885                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11425951                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1398                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17815                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4774                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28039120                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14548146                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24180976                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13143590                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           312890                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14241386                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  306760                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               170                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           177                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4956102                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              363717                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1298663                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20572                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           20707                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11355036                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                938                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11283996                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2276                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         198574                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       287467                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           811                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30501332                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.369951                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.245251                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27436826     89.95%     89.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             470740      1.54%     91.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             554027      1.82%     93.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             347984      1.14%     94.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             324545      1.06%     95.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1056361      3.46%     98.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             119772      0.39%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             165983      0.54%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              25094      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30501332                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  73280     94.21%     94.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  429      0.55%     94.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   847      1.09%     95.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  225      0.29%     96.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2761      3.55%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             245      0.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4641      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9549258     84.63%     84.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 117      0.00%     84.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  342      0.00%     84.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              83464      0.74%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              308092      2.73%     88.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1249638     11.07%     99.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46816      0.41%     99.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         41628      0.37%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11283996                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.369547                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      77787                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006894                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52766182                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11341334                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11069649                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             383205                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            213433                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       187660                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11163884                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 193258                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2560                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26976                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          231                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15096                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           23                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          527                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  7938                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  63755                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               181076                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11355974                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              921                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               363717                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1298663                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               419                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   396                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               180515                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           231                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2112                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7630                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9742                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11265900                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               351547                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            18096                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1641155                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1275952                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1289608                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.368954                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11260979                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11257309                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8214754                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11525824                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.368673                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.712726                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         198895                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            127                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7771                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30469442                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.366183                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.268211                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27501449     90.26%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       339588      1.11%     91.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       323434      1.06%     92.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1136740      3.73%     96.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        64322      0.21%     96.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       720047      2.36%     98.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72694      0.24%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22307      0.07%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       288861      0.95%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30469442                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5513731                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11157400                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1620308                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       336741                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1268078                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    183569                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11060273                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1377                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2366      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9453091     84.72%     84.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             91      0.00%     84.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             274      0.00%     84.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         81270      0.73%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         292425      2.62%     88.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1242577     11.14%     99.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44316      0.40%     99.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        40990      0.37%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11157400                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               288861                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41536876                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   22745067                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            320                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          33357                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5513731                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11157400                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.537936                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.537936                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.180573                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.180573                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12885081                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8545355                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   289024                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  145359                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6362866                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5665024                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4201409                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156239                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1461756                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156239                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.355897                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          854                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6682295                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6682295                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       343809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         343809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1128863                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1128863                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1472672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1472672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1472672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1472672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154734                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154734                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158842                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158842                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    392464000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    392464000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13963558998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13963558998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14356022998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14356022998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14356022998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14356022998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       347917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       347917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1283597                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1283597                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1631514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1631514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1631514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1631514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.120547                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.120547                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.097359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.097359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95536.514119                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95536.514119                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90242.344914                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90242.344914                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90379.263658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90379.263658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90379.263658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90379.263658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        15408                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          216                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              170                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    90.635294                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          108                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155171                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155171                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2597                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2597                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154724                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154724                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156245                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156245                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    161609500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    161609500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13808082998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13808082998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13969692498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13969692498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13969692498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13969692498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.120539                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120539                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095767                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095767                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095767                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095767                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106252.136752                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106252.136752                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89243.317120                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89243.317120                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89408.893072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89408.893072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89408.893072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89408.893072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              708                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.998834                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             118399                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              708                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           167.230226                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.998834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          823                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           218902                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          218902                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        53672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          53672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        53672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           53672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        53672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          53672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          875                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          875                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54809499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     54809499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54809499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     54809499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54809499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     54809499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        54547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        54547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        54547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        54547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        54547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        54547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62639.427429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62639.427429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62639.427429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62639.427429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62639.427429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62639.427429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           40                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           20                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          708                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              708                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          161                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          161                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45987000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45987000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45987000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45987000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45987000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45987000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013090                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013090                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013090                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013090                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013090                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013090                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64407.563025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64407.563025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64407.563025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64407.563025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64407.563025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64407.563025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157199                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156826                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157199                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997627                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       53.687999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        33.356751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16296.955249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          854                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6233                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2668167                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2668167                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155171                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155171                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          707                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              707                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            323                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                323                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            32                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                32                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   50                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 323                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  50                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     373                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154700                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154700                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          385                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              385                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1489                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1489                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               385                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156189                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156574                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13575709500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13575709500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41502500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     41502500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    158919000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    158919000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41502500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13734628500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13776131000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41502500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13734628500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13776131000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155171                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155171                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          707                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          707                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154718                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154718                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          708                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            708                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1521                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1521                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.543785                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.543785                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.978961                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.978961                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.543785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999680                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.543785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999680                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87755.071105                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87755.071105                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107798.701299                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107798.701299                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106728.676964                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106728.676964                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107798.701299                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87935.952596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87984.793133                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107798.701299                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87935.952596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87984.793133                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155453                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155453                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154700                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154700                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          385                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          385                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1489                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1489                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          385                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156574                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12028709500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12028709500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37652500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37652500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    144029000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    144029000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37652500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12172738500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12210391000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37652500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12172738500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12210391000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.543785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.543785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.978961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.978961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.543785                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997623                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.543785                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77755.071105                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77755.071105                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97798.701299                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97798.701299                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96728.676964                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96728.676964                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97798.701299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77935.952596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77984.793133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97798.701299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77935.952596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77984.793133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        313251                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156696                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1874                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155453                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154700                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154699                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1874                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       469824                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       469824                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 469824                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19969664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19969664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19969664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156574                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156574    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156574                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           935674000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          823465000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       313906                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156947                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          133                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            604                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          604                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2235                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       310624                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          708                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2814                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154718                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154718                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           714                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1521                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2130                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       468729                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                470859                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        90624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19930240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20020864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157205                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9949376                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           314158                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002346                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.048378                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 313421     99.77%     99.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    737      0.23%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             314158                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          312832000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1071000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         234361500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
