
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4778678711125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              123416504                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                228988988                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              332055673                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    45.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5674474815                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10528514812                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12449856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12449856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        32512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           32512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          194529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              194529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           508                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                508                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         815456565                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             815456565                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2129512                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2129512                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2129512                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        815456565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            817586078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      194530                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        508                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    194530                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      508                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12445312                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4608                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   32000                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12449920                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                32512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     72                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267401500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                194530                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  508                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  146194                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3289                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97172                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    128.408348                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.284931                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.172269                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42096     43.32%     43.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43990     45.27%     88.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9656      9.94%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1268      1.30%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          120      0.12%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           20      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            7      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           12      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97172                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           31                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    6192.161290                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   6038.994935                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1403.275290                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            2      6.45%      6.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      3.23%      9.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            5     16.13%     25.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            6     19.35%     45.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            2      6.45%     51.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            3      9.68%     61.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            3      9.68%     70.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            2      6.45%     77.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            5     16.13%     93.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      3.23%     96.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      3.23%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            31                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           31                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.129032                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.122046                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.499462                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               29     93.55%     93.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                2      6.45%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            31                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4739882750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8385970250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  972290000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24374.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43124.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       815.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    815.46                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    97352                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     437                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78279.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                344240820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                182975925                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               688410240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1609489620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24533760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5175296190                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       124622400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9354877995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            612.737744                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11674460500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9534500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    324361250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3073489125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11350099250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                349538700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                185788020                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               700012740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2610000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1634240730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24509760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5205261660                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        78569280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9385839930                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.765728                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11619903750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9264000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    204423000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3128068250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11415728875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1655240                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1655240                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            71238                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1233857                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  49720                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              8109                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1233857                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            704439                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          529418                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        23117                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     774825                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      60077                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       151925                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          940                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1375667                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         6377                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1406218                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4867899                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1655240                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            754159                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28925307                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 146608                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2945                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1531                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        56701                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1369290                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 8214                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      5                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30466006                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.321152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.427475                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28583668     93.82%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   22723      0.07%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  671828      2.21%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   29127      0.10%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  131554      0.43%     96.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   70880      0.23%     96.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   87200      0.29%     97.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   25572      0.08%     97.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  843454      2.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30466006                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.054209                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.159422                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  708031                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28447144                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   921178                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               316349                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 73304                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8036053                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 73304                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  803421                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27199491                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         11329                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1062131                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1316330                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7704992                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                77833                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1018713                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                244072                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   645                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            9186893                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             21390647                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        10165855                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            39128                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3204214                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5982678                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               276                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           344                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1995785                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1379228                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              85955                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             5007                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            5390                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7305807                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4649                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5215047                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5745                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4639292                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9628780                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          4649                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30466006                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.171176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.760889                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28368360     93.11%     93.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             808591      2.65%     95.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             440854      1.45%     97.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             300819      0.99%     98.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             319429      1.05%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              96001      0.32%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              80772      0.27%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              29502      0.10%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              21678      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30466006                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  12205     70.08%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     70.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1287      7.39%     77.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     77.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     77.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     77.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     77.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     77.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     77.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     77.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     77.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     77.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     77.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     77.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     77.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     77.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     77.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     77.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     77.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     77.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     77.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     77.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     77.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     77.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     77.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     77.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     77.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     77.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     77.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3574     20.52%     97.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  295      1.69%     99.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               43      0.25%     99.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              12      0.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            19885      0.38%      0.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4291948     82.30%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1168      0.02%     82.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                11520      0.22%     82.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              15981      0.31%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              807811     15.49%     98.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              64324      1.23%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2382      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            28      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5215047                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.170791                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      17416                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003340                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          40880926                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11919382                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4996034                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              38335                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             30370                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        17487                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5192844                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  19734                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            5948                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       885202                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          197                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            5                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        51805                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           51                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1126                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 73304                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25235787                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               270701                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7310456                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4544                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1379228                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               85955                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1724                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 18648                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                65902                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             5                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         39194                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        41844                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               81038                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5121620                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               774525                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            93427                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      834594                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  599689                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     60069                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.167731                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5032233                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5013521                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3716284                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5871346                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.164191                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.632953                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4640084                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            73301                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29808117                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.089612                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.561623                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28674581     96.20%     96.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       517656      1.74%     97.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       123450      0.41%     98.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330650      1.11%     99.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        64508      0.22%     99.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        34425      0.12%     99.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6657      0.02%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4961      0.02%     99.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        51229      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29808117                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1337042                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2671164                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        528176                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       494026                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    470207                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     13622                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2657377                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                6025                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         4105      0.15%      0.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2117077     79.26%     79.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            241      0.01%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            9913      0.37%     79.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         11652      0.44%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         492056     18.42%     98.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         34150      1.28%     99.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1970      0.07%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2671164                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                51229                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37068136                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   15282148                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            543                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          68682                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1337042                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2671164                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             22.837494                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       22.837494                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.043788                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.043788                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5157892                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4361549                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    30853                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   15367                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3153896                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1374194                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2667918                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           248290                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             356571                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           248290                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.436107                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          877                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3441662                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3441662                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       321184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         321184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        33140                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         33140                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       354324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          354324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       354324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         354324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       443009                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       443009                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1010                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1010                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       444019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        444019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       444019                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       444019                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35027467000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35027467000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     44834000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     44834000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35072301000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35072301000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35072301000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35072301000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       764193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       764193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        34150                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        34150                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       798343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       798343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       798343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       798343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.579708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.579708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029575                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.029575                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.556176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.556176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.556176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.556176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79067.167936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79067.167936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44390.099010                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44390.099010                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78988.288789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78988.288789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78988.288789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78988.288789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        24165                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              937                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.789755                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2435                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2435                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       195724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       195724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       195730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       195730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       195730                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       195730                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       247285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       247285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1004                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1004                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       248289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       248289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       248289                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       248289                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19347311500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19347311500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     43260500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43260500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19390572000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19390572000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19390572000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19390572000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.323590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.323590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029400                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029400                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.311005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.311005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.311005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.311005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78238.920679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78238.920679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43088.147410                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43088.147410                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78096.782379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78096.782379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78096.782379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78096.782379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5477160                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5477160                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1369290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1369290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1369290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1369290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1369290                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1369290                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1369290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1369290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1369290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1369290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1369290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1369290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    194537                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      298731                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    194537                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.535600                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.879758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.120242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1080                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10798                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4353                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4164697                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4164697                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2435                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2435                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               670                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   670                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         53089                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             53089                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                53759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    53759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               53759                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   53759                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             334                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 334                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       194196                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          194196                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             194530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 194530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            194530                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                194530                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     34398000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      34398000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18388123500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18388123500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18422521500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18422521500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18422521500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18422521500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2435                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2435                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1004                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1004                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       247285                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        247285                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           248289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               248289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          248289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              248289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.332669                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.332669                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.785312                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.785312                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.783482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.783482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.783482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.783482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102988.023952                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102988.023952                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94688.477106                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94688.477106                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94702.727086                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94702.727086                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94702.727086                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94702.727086                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  508                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       508                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            3                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             3                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          334                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            334                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       194196                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       194196                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        194530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            194530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       194530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           194530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     31058000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31058000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16446173500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16446173500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16477231500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16477231500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16477231500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16477231500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.332669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.785312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.785312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.783482                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.783482                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.783482                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.783482                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92988.023952                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92988.023952                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84688.528600                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84688.528600                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84702.778492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84702.778492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84702.778492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84702.778492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        389058                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       194532                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             194195                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          508                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           194020                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               334                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              334                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        194196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       583587                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       583587                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 583587                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12482368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12482368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12482368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            194530                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  194530    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              194530                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           458279000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1051327000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       496579                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       248287                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          596                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             14                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           14                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            247286                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2943                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          439884                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1004                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1004                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       247285                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       744869                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                744869                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16046400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16046400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          194537                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     32512                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           442826                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001371                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036998                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 442219     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    607      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             442826                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          250724500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         372435000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
