
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10397061349125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               64993591                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                121351788                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              161383160                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    94.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6148591650                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11480251032                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          25984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9977664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10003648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        25984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         25984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9918080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9918080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             406                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          155901                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156307                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        154970                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             154970                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1701933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         653529777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             655231710                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1701933                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1701933                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       649627068                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            649627068                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       649627068                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1701933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        653529777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1304858778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156306                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     154970                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156306                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   154970                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10003584                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9918016                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10003584                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9918080                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            10003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267448000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156306                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               154970                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     738                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     296                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27745                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    718.043323                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   555.197332                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   362.504502                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2180      7.86%      7.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2506      9.03%     16.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1924      6.93%     23.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1733      6.25%     30.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1654      5.96%     36.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1468      5.29%     41.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1363      4.91%     46.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1381      4.98%     51.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13536     48.79%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27745                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9678                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.150548                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.095571                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.653504                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               8      0.08%      0.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             42      0.43%      0.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           101      1.04%      1.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9360     96.71%     98.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           123      1.27%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            23      0.24%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             9      0.09%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             2      0.02%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             1      0.01%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             1      0.01%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             4      0.04%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-59             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9678                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9678                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.012503                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.011216                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.219793                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9643     99.64%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                8      0.08%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               12      0.12%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                9      0.09%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                4      0.04%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9678                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2892309000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5823046500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  781530000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18504.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37254.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       655.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       649.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    655.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    649.63                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142692                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  140839                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49047.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.09                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 99724380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 53008560                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               561154020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              405771480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         751704720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1499240220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             68154240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2086785390                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       317196960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1585638000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7428377970                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.553385                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11801958750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     53619000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     318610000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6399741750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    825985500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3093144000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4576243875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 98367780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 52283715                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               554870820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403166700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         741870480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1489106760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             66512640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2074766370                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       296082240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1610415420                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7387536705                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            483.878312                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11792632250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     47140500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     314414000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6507362375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    771077000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3077329750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4550020500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1334536                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1334536                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7121                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1327292                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4378                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               930                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1327292                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1287359                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           39933                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4876                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     351292                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1319529                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          897                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2670                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      53159                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          369                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   67                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             78349                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5829586                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1334536                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1291737                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30412760                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  15002                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 232                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1615                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           16                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    52907                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2134                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30500473                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.385382                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.663437                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28808892     94.45%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   31771      0.10%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   34469      0.11%     94.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  224820      0.74%     95.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   27773      0.09%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   17348      0.06%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   18328      0.06%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   25210      0.08%     95.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1311862      4.30%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30500473                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043706                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.190917                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  424474                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28594235                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   648349                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               825914                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  7501                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11685721                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  7501                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  708411                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 279091                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         15419                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1189109                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28300942                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11650277                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1541                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17708                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4897                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28000348                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14828007                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24653530                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13390558                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           311816                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14544740                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  283267                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               151                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           160                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  5108146                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              362874                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1328083                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20723                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           15744                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11585906                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                902                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11518777                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2112                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         186651                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       271643                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           775                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30500473                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.377659                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.254488                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27377067     89.76%     89.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             463109      1.52%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             550845      1.81%     93.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             373280      1.22%     94.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             357990      1.17%     95.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1083858      3.55%     99.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             119261      0.39%     99.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             133182      0.44%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              41881      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30500473                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  47718     91.32%     91.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     91.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     91.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  478      0.91%     92.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     92.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     92.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     92.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     92.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     92.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     92.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     92.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     92.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     92.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     92.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     92.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     92.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     92.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     92.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     92.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     92.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     92.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     92.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     92.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     92.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     92.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     92.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     92.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     92.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     92.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     92.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     92.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   791      1.51%     93.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  240      0.46%     94.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2785      5.33%     99.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             240      0.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4628      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9754529     84.68%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 108      0.00%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  343      0.00%     84.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              83745      0.73%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              307626      2.67%     88.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1279534     11.11%     99.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46745      0.41%     99.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         41519      0.36%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11518777                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.377236                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      52252                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004536                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          53209031                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11561175                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11306006                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             383360                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            212497                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       187842                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11373039                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 193362                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2478                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26122                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           61                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          226                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14139                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           13                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          617                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  7501                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  62158                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               177494                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11586808                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              882                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               362874                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1328083                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               395                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   412                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               176895                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           226                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2105                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6984                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9089                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11502212                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               351132                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            16565                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1670622                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1305733                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1319490                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.376693                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11497316                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11493848                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8394611                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11802307                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.376419                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.711269                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         186997                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            127                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7335                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30470417                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.374139                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.276422                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27425947     90.01%     90.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       357244      1.17%     91.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       313932      1.03%     92.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1174302      3.85%     96.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        65585      0.22%     96.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       765075      2.51%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        55748      0.18%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        30732      0.10%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       281852      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30470417                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5635114                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11400157                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1650696                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       336752                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1298412                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    183581                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11303026                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1377                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2368      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9665462     84.78%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             85      0.00%     84.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             274      0.00%     84.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         81272      0.71%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         292434      2.57%     88.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1272946     11.17%     99.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44318      0.39%     99.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        40998      0.36%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11400157                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               281852                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41775719                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   23204908                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            335                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          34215                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5635114                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11400157                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.418646                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.418646                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.184548                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.184548                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13150047                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8721913                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   289431                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  145520                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6512857                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5783207                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4289917                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           155957                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1502919                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           155957                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.636752                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          920                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6801977                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6801977                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       343331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         343331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1159585                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1159585                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1502916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1502916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1502916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1502916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154389                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154389                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158589                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158589                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    417647500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    417647500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13939126997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13939126997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14356774497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14356774497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14356774497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14356774497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       347531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       347531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1313974                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1313974                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1661505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1661505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1661505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1661505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.012085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117498                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.117498                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.095449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.095449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99439.880952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99439.880952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90285.752204                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90285.752204                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90528.186047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90528.186047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90528.186047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90528.186047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        17444                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1247                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              188                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    92.787234                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   623.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154840                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154840                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2628                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2628                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154378                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154378                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    171050000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    171050000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13783849998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13783849998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13954899998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13954899998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13954899998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13954899998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117489                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117489                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093867                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093867                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093867                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093867                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 108054.327227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108054.327227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89286.362033                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89286.362033                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89476.856381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89476.856381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89476.856381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89476.856381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              727                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1021.456761                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           14256423                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         19609.935351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1021.456761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          810                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           212359                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          212359                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        52008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          52008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        52008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           52008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        52008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          52008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          899                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          899                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          899                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          899                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     57770499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     57770499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     57770499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     57770499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     57770499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     57770499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        52907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        52907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        52907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        52907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        52907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64260.844271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64260.844271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64260.844271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64260.844271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64260.844271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64260.844271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           26                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           13                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          727                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              727                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          168                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          168                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     47547000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47547000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     47547000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47547000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     47547000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47547000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65043.775650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65043.775650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65043.775650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65043.775650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65043.775650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65043.775650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156953                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156437                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156953                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996712                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       62.515265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        38.752158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16282.732577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.993819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          948                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9097                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2663705                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2663705                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154840                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154840                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          726                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              726                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            321                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                321                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            36                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                36                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   57                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 321                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  57                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     378                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154353                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154353                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          406                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              406                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1547                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1547                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             155900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               406                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            155900                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156306                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13551989500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13551989500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43055000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     43055000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    168226000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    168226000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43055000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13720215500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13763270500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43055000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13720215500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13763270500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154840                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154840                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          726                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          726                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154374                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154374                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          727                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            727                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1583                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1583                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           155957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          155957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999864                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999864                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.558459                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.558459                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.977258                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.977258                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.558459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.558459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87798.679002                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87798.679002                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106046.798030                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106046.798030                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 108743.374273                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108743.374273                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106046.798030                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88006.513791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88053.372871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106046.798030                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88006.513791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88053.372871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               154970                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    154970                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154353                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154353                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          406                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          406                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1547                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1547                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        155900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          406                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12008459500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12008459500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38995000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38995000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    152756000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    152756000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12161215500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12200210500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12161215500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12200210500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999864                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999864                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.558459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.558459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.977258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.977258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.558459                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.558459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999635                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77798.679002                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77798.679002                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96046.798030                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96046.798030                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98743.374273                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98743.374273                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96046.798030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78006.513791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78053.372871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96046.798030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78006.513791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78053.372871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        312642                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156354                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1953                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       154970                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154353                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154353                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1953                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       468948                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       468948                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 468948                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19921664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19921664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19921664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156306                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156306    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156306                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           937352500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          822235750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       313376                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156684                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          112                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            696                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          696                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2314                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       309810                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          727                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3100                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154374                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154374                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           731                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1583                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2185                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       467879                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                470064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        93056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19891008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19984064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156957                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9918336                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           313645                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002576                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.050691                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 312837     99.74%     99.74% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    808      0.26%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             313645                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          312255000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1096500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         233938997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
