
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5007688873000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              123265358                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                228767701                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              330528640                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    46.19                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5693707017                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10566932923                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12539776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12539776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        30400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           30400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          195934                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              195934                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           475                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                475                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         821346260                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             821346260                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1991178                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1991178                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1991178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        821346260                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            823337438                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      195934                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        475                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    195934                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      475                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12536000                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3776                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   29824                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12539776                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                30400                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     59                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267411500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                195934                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  475                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  148085                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44769                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2987                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97340                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    129.093405                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.879712                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.498815                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41670     42.81%     42.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44538     45.76%     88.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9612      9.87%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1360      1.40%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          128      0.13%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           15      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97340                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           29                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    6673.137931                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   6559.136174                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1250.537962                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      3.45%      3.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            3     10.34%     13.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      3.45%     17.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            5     17.24%     34.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            3     10.34%     44.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            7     24.14%     68.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            4     13.79%     82.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            2      6.90%     89.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      3.45%     93.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      3.45%     96.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      3.45%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            29                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           29                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.068966                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.065116                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.371391                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               28     96.55%     96.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      3.45%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            29                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4733151750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8405808000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  979375000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24164.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42914.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       821.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    821.35                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.99                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.39                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    98588                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     414                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77732.75                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                342805680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                182201745                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               692073060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                  73080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1615490010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24658080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5177121330                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       117908160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9357640185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            612.918665                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11660671875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9978000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    307041250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3086445250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11354019625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                352194780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                187203555                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               706474440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2359440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1650962250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24527040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5163990810                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        99225120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9392246475                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            615.185352                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11583654375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9522000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    258587000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3164303000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11325072125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1501168                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1501168                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            62511                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1123636                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  43043                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              7189                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1123636                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            642829                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          480807                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        21045                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     709574                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      56088                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       144658                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          930                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1259675                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         3945                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1287970                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4401225                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1501168                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            685872                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29120543                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 127768                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1150                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1039                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        31093                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1255730                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 7588                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      7                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30505679                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.289896                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.357902                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28791901     94.38%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   24759      0.08%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  619959      2.03%     96.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   26388      0.09%     96.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  123044      0.40%     96.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   54105      0.18%     97.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   82532      0.27%     97.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   22196      0.07%     97.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  760795      2.49%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30505679                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.049163                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.144139                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  631863                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28688008                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   823858                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               298066                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 63884                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7306481                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 63884                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  720329                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27527492                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         14755                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   957838                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1221381                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7011900                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                49920                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                979033                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                186010                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   368                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8352250                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             19467104                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         9230607                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            43501                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3035531                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5316716                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               286                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           339                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1882579                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1251532                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              79853                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             5092                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4660                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6645377                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4616                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4764711                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5614                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4120357                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8635525                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          4616                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30505679                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.156191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.724767                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28560101     93.62%     93.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             769878      2.52%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             409677      1.34%     97.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             277757      0.91%     98.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             284970      0.93%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              84342      0.28%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              72076      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              26862      0.09%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              20016      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30505679                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  10865     70.52%     70.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     70.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     70.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1239      8.04%     78.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     78.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     78.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     78.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     78.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     78.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     78.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     78.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     78.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     78.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     78.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     78.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     78.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     78.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     78.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     78.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     78.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     78.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     78.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     78.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     78.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     78.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     78.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     78.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     78.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     78.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     78.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2847     18.48%     97.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  268      1.74%     98.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              172      1.12%     99.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              17      0.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            17153      0.36%      0.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3920302     82.28%     82.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 930      0.02%     82.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                10717      0.22%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              15669      0.33%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              736685     15.46%     98.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              59967      1.26%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           3212      0.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            76      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4764711                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.156043                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      15408                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003234                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          40016568                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10733630                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4568880                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              39555                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             36722                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        16954                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4742576                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  20390                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            4979                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       784594                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          159                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            2                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        48478                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           51                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1414                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 63884                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25826595                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               252929                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6649993                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3281                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1251532                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               79853                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1711                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 16148                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                51878                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             2                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         34607                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        36593                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               71200                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4681906                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               709306                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            82805                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      765376                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  558257                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     56070                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.153331                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4602342                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4585834                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3369939                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5351859                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.150184                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.629676                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4120979                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            63882                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29923945                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.084535                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.541312                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28839057     96.37%     96.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       495866      1.66%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       120967      0.40%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       321895      1.08%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        58472      0.20%     99.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        30571      0.10%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6471      0.02%     99.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4587      0.02%     99.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        46059      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29923945                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1265989                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2529635                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        498312                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       466937                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    446849                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     12646                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2516921                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                5525                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3784      0.15%      0.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2007361     79.35%     79.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            221      0.01%     79.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            9169      0.36%     79.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         10788      0.43%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         465079     18.39%     98.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         31375      1.24%     99.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1858      0.07%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2529635                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                46059                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36528500                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   13884699                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            223                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          29010                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1265989                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2529635                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             24.119237                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       24.119237                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.041461                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.041461                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4731416                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3978131                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    30023                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   14936                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2931055                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1263909                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2447405                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           236238                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             311781                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           236238                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.319775                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3161250                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3161250                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       280253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         280253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        30387                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         30387                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       310640                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          310640                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       310640                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         310640                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       419625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       419625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          988                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          988                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       420613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        420613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       420613                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       420613                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34643839000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34643839000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     40949997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     40949997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34684788997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34684788997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34684788997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34684788997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       699878                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       699878                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        31375                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31375                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       731253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       731253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       731253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       731253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.599569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.599569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031490                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031490                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.575195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.575195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.575195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.575195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82559.044385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82559.044385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 41447.365385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41447.365385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82462.475000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82462.475000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82462.475000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82462.475000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        20085                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              843                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    23.825623                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2339                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2339                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       184368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       184368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       184375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       184375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       184375                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       184375                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       235257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       235257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          981                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          981                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       236238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       236238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       236238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       236238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19282805000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19282805000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     39478998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39478998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19322283998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19322283998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19322283998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19322283998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.336140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031267                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031267                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.323059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.323059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.323059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.323059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81964.851205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81964.851205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40243.626911                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40243.626911                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81791.599988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81791.599988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81791.599988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81791.599988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5022920                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5022920                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1255730                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1255730                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1255730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1255730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1255730                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1255730                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1255730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1255730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1255730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1255730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1255730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1255730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    195936                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      270987                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    195936                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.383038                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.970194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.008039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.021767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10494                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4613                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3973256                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3973256                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2339                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2339                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               678                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   678                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         39626                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             39626                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                40304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    40304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               40304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   40304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             304                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 304                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       195630                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          195630                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             195934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 195934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            195934                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                195934                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     30652500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      30652500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18486265500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18486265500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18516918000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18516918000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18516918000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18516918000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2339                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2339                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           982                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               982                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       235256                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        235256                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           236238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               236238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          236238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              236238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.309572                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.309572                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.831562                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.831562                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.829392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.829392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.829392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.829392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100830.592105                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100830.592105                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94496.066554                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94496.066554                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94505.894842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94505.894842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94505.894842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94505.894842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  475                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       475                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          304                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            304                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       195630                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       195630                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        195934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            195934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       195934                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           195934                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     27612500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27612500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16529975500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16529975500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16557588000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16557588000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16557588000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16557588000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.309572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.309572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.831562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.831562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.829392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.829392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.829392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.829392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90830.592105                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90830.592105                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84496.117671                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84496.117671                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84505.945880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84505.945880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84505.945880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84505.945880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        391858                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       195933                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             195629                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          475                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           195449                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               304                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              304                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        195630                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       587791                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       587791                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 587791                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12570112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12570112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12570112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            195934                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  195934    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              195934                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           462200000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1058660250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       472476                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       236238                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          599                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             13                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           13                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            235256                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2814                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          429360                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              982                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             982                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       235256                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       708714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                708714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15268928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15268928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          195936                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     30400                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           432174                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001416                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.037604                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 431562     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    612      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             432174                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          238577000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         354357000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
