
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               106871408875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 918341                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1720455                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               57270260                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1218964                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   266.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   244815228                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     458645950                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         243648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             243840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       200000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          200000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            3807                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3810                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3125                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3125                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             12576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          15958768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              15971344                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        13099855                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             13099855                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        13099855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            12576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         15958768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             29071199                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3810                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3125                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3810                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3125                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 243840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  199808                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  243840                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               200000                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15272137000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3810                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3125                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3800                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                      10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4383                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    101.220169                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    75.992399                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   144.766245                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3896     88.89%     88.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          218      4.97%     93.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           59      1.35%     95.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           42      0.96%     96.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           47      1.07%     97.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           34      0.78%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           32      0.73%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           18      0.41%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           37      0.84%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4383                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          176                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      21.636364                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     21.227005                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      4.700594                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17             6      3.41%      3.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19            52     29.55%     32.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21            75     42.61%     75.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23            13      7.39%     82.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25             4      2.27%     85.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27             6      3.41%     88.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29             2      1.14%     89.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31             4      2.27%     92.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             3      1.70%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             6      3.41%     97.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-37             5      2.84%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           176                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          176                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.738636                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.725064                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.676027                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               23     13.07%     13.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              153     86.93%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           176                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    349591750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               421029250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   19050000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     91756.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               110506.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        15.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        13.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     15.97                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     13.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       46                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2503                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                80.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2202182.70                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    36.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 12852000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  6827205                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                10931340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                7093980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1154293920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            438964980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             51895680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2549620260                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      2185773600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        863322060                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7283120745                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            477.039142                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14164219500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     92692250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     490254000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2882719000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5692106000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     518278000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5591294875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 18442620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  9806280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                16272060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                9202860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1268616960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            466271400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             47419200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3303768450                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2349909120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        300332700                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7791057360                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            510.308623                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14112120750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     72895500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     538068000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    754420750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   6119531875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     537249750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7245178250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13213454                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13213454                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1116538                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            10939997                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1009516                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            212062                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       10939997                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3509311                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7430686                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       812615                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    9915765                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7362355                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       130823                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        45199                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    8928971                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        15670                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   23                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9672953                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59634004                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13213454                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4518827                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19656651                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2252124                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                8374                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        70399                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8913301                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               272954                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.736200                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.583253                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12391698     40.58%     40.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  869047      2.85%     43.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1228997      4.02%     47.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1393442      4.56%     52.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1099130      3.60%     55.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1091490      3.57%     59.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1031817      3.38%     62.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  899998      2.95%     65.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10528820     34.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.432736                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.952992                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8547481                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4380798                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15509918                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               970180                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1126062                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108325107                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1126062                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9328290                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3359953                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         23157                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15632456                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1064521                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103109808                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  413                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 72366                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   104                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                940603                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          109533446                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            259134163                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       154852835                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3134620                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             66768528                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                42764896                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1077                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1373                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   889603                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11894513                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8793969                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           518928                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          200869                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  92494136                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              56513                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 82197764                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           460849                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       30037753                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43394636                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         56490                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.691969                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.530693                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           10052681     32.92%     32.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2823730      9.25%     42.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3063383     10.03%     52.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3032795      9.93%     62.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3092503     10.13%     72.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2751971      9.01%     81.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3032445      9.93%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1655102      5.42%     96.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1029829      3.37%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 805712     73.98%     73.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                13095      1.20%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 98965      9.09%     84.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                83968      7.71%     91.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              278      0.03%     92.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           87114      8.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           529776      0.64%      0.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             62177279     75.64%     76.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               64447      0.08%     76.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                85213      0.10%     76.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1140737      1.39%     77.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10103129     12.29%     90.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7430873      9.04%     99.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         388050      0.47%     99.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        278260      0.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              82197764                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.691947                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1089132                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013250                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         192616777                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119553913                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     76588050                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3863170                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3035615                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1750755                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              80807017                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                1950103                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1219246                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4381925                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        11059                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3729                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2644420                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          136                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1126062                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3417539                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 5110                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           92550649                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            18665                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11894513                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8793969                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             20089                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   175                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4784                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          3729                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        307306                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1174169                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1481475                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             79527055                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9909487                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2670708                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17265120                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8580732                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7355633                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.604482                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      78963125                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     78338805                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 54680736                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 85584672                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.565568                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.638908                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       30038059                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             23                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1125370                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25994662                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.404835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.723759                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9557987     36.77%     36.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3734250     14.37%     51.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2597042      9.99%     61.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3461847     13.32%     74.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1136992      4.37%     78.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1123667      4.32%     83.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       786010      3.02%     86.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       458293      1.76%     87.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3138574     12.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25994662                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            33013278                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              62512881                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      13662138                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7512584                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7252794                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1279259                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 61551924                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              454305                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       254776      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        47506534     75.99%     76.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          48641      0.08%     76.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           74452      0.12%     76.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        966340      1.55%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7242234     11.59%     89.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6149554      9.84%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       270350      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         62512881                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3138574                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   115407028                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  189736662                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             24                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            249                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   33013278                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     62512881                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.924921                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.924921                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.081173                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.081173                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               114732328                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               61442377                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2463858                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1216210                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 39696737                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                20844838                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               34961608                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5344                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             499045                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5344                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            93.384169                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          243                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          500                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         58878920                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        58878920                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8560622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8560622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6149383                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6149383                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     14710005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        14710005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     14710005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       14710005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         5115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3274                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3274                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         8389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          8389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         8389                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         8389                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    162645500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    162645500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    560219500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    560219500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    722865000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    722865000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    722865000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    722865000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8565737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8565737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6152657                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6152657                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     14718394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14718394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     14718394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14718394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31797.751711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31797.751711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 171111.637141                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171111.637141                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86168.196448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86168.196448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86168.196448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86168.196448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         4020                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             4020                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3044                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3044                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     85653500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     85653500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    554632000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    554632000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    640285500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    640285500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    640285500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    640285500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000529                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000529                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40962.936394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40962.936394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 170446.220037                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170446.220037                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 119791.487371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119791.487371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 119791.487371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119791.487371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              674                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.000005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             223008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              674                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           330.872404                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.000005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1003                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35653879                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35653879                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8912599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8912599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8912599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8912599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8912599                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8912599                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          702                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          702                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          702                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          702                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9184500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9184500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9184500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9184500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9184500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9184500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8913301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8913301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8913301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8913301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8913301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8913301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13083.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13083.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13083.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13083.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13083.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13083.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          674                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              674                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8337000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8337000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8337000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8337000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8337000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8337000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12351.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12351.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12351.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12351.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12351.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12351.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      3815                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        4552                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3815                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.193185                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       33.373746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        31.919664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16318.706590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.996015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          231                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2248                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13878                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     99919                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    99919                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4020                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             4020                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          674                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              674                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            671                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                671                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1531                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1531                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 671                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1537                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2208                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3247                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3247                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          560                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             560                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               3807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              3807                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3810                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    549676500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     549676500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       277500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       277500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     66323500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     66323500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       277500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    616000000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        616277500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       277500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    616000000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       616277500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4020                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4020                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          674                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          674                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3253                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3253                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          674                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            674                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2091                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          2091                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 6018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                6018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998156                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.998156                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004451                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.004451                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.267814                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.267814                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.004451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.712388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.633101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.004451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.712388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.633101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 169287.496150                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169287.496150                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        92500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 118434.821429                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118434.821429                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 161807.197268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161752.624672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 161807.197268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161752.624672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3125                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3125                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            7                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             7                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3247                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3247                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          560                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          560                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          3807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3807                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    517206500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    517206500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       247500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       247500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     60723500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60723500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       247500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    577930000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    578177500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       247500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    577930000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    578177500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004451                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004451                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.267814                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.267814                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004451                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.712388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.633101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004451                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.712388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.633101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 159287.496150                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159287.496150                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        82500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        82500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 108434.821429                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108434.821429                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        82500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 151807.197268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 151752.624672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        82500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 151807.197268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 151752.624672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7617                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3810                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                563                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3125                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              682                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3247                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3247                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           563                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        11427                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        11427                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11427                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       443840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       443840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  443840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3810                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3810    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3810                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            21048000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           20959250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        12038                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         6018                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           26                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             18                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           18                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2766                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7145                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          674                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2014                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3253                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3253                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           675                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         2091                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2023                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        16034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 18057                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        86272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       599296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 685568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            3816                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    200064                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples             9835                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.004474                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.066740                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                   9791     99.55%     99.55% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     44      0.45%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total               9835                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           10713000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1012500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           8016500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
