
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10992487770000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               68536056                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                128399222                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              163244200                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    93.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6409803063                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   12008480343                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       20190848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           20191168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9987456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9987456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          315482                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              315487                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        156054                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             156054                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             20960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data        1322485944                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1322506903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        20960                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            20960                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       654171146                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            654171146                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       654171146                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            20960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data       1322485944                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1976678049                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      315488                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     156054                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    315488                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   156054                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               20186304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4928                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9986752                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                20191232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9987456                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     77                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             19693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             19925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             19614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             19153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             19692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             19901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             19740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             19424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             19635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             19809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            19948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            19450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            19655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            19767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            19831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            20174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            10059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267340500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                315488                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               156054                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  140622                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   85083                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   56995                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   32711                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   5211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   7628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9898                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  10031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  10131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  10181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  10168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  10260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  10280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  10319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  10273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  10503                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  11336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  10179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  10181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       183987                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    163.988282                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   104.793674                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   229.801288                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       113298     61.58%     61.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43459     23.62%     85.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8995      4.89%     90.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4523      2.46%     92.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1503      0.82%     93.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1163      0.63%     94.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1093      0.59%     94.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1242      0.68%     95.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         8711      4.73%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       183987                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9743                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      32.370728                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     24.993883                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     29.142968                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            475      4.88%      4.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-23          6519     66.91%     71.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           679      6.97%     78.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-39            88      0.90%     79.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-47            61      0.63%     80.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           103      1.06%     81.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           153      1.57%     82.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           251      2.58%     85.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-79           275      2.82%     88.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-87           282      2.89%     91.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::88-95           228      2.34%     93.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-103          228      2.34%     95.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::104-111          139      1.43%     97.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::112-119          103      1.06%     98.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::120-127           56      0.57%     98.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-135           47      0.48%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::136-143           17      0.17%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::144-151           20      0.21%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            9      0.09%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            5      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            2      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9743                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9743                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.015909                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.014874                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.191841                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9659     99.14%     99.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               40      0.41%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               22      0.23%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               17      0.17%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                5      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9743                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   9443661500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             15357617750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1577055000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     29940.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                48690.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1322.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       654.13                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   1322.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    654.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        15.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                    10.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       2.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   230023                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   57431                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 72.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                36.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      32377.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    60.97                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                651289380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                346145745                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              1121993880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              403119720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1094673840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           2715198420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             36264960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3318711570                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       126768480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        402539460                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            10216891005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            669.198973                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           9217848875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     20004750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     463240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1610110500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    330258250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    5566250500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7277480125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                662470620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                352084920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              1130040660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              411424740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1103893440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           2720997030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             37334400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3344496660                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       138211200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        379200840                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            10280245290                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            673.348633                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           9202870625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     21605500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     467170000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1508469375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    359857250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    5575694500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7334547500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                3130162                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          3130162                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            64329                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             2725542                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  75446                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               422                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        2725542                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1735754                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          989788                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4177                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    4475423                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1528105                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       101985                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         3740                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    2260594                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           13                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           2296127                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      13078980                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    3130162                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1811200                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28173339                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 128826                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   4                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           79                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          214                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  2260582                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                19538                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534176                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.823449                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.216812                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                26075270     85.40%     85.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  598994      1.96%     87.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  129316      0.42%     87.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  248750      0.81%     88.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  367886      1.20%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  736903      2.41%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  228633      0.75%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  175774      0.58%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1972650      6.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534176                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.102512                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.428332                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1344546                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             25538907                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  2878690                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               707620                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 64413                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              23956453                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 64413                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1666201                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               22258367                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         41877                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  3212496                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              3290822                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              23664180                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               264853                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1570385                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents               1635785                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  4298                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           28561637                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             60777129                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        33270942                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups               66                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             22248538                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6313072                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               238                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           242                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4152712                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             3477234                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1604819                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           212938                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           91266                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  23208134                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               1210                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 23241373                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           159783                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4339076                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5922439                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          1177                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.761159                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.780558                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           24103595     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1364660      4.47%     83.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1126409      3.69%     87.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            1017155      3.33%     90.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             703985      2.31%     92.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             836576      2.74%     95.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             534541      1.75%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             411676      1.35%     98.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             435579      1.43%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 366133     50.37%     50.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     50.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     50.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     50.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     50.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     50.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     50.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     50.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     50.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     50.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     50.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     50.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     50.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     50.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     50.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     50.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     50.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     50.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     50.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     50.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     50.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     50.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     50.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     50.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     50.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     50.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     50.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     50.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     50.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     50.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                292810     40.28%     90.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                67916      9.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            66523      0.29%      0.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             17124840     73.68%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   2      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 32      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             4507818     19.40%     93.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1542158      6.64%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              23241373                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.761147                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     726859                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.031274                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          77903492                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         27548431                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     21687312                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 72                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                80                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           36                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              23901673                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     36                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          660858                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       642899                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           55                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           92                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       178797                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1312567                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 64413                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               16496158                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               974058                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           23209344                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             1883                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              3477234                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1604819                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               567                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                155002                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               775853                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            92                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         52043                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        22941                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               74984                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             23119551                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              4475412                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           121822                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     6003511                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 2510200                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1528099                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.757157                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      21716488                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     21687348                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 16140009                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 26499991                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.710253                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.609057                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4340926                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             33                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            64334                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29949181                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.630075                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.007097                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     26644021     88.96%     88.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       361203      1.21%     90.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       276712      0.92%     91.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       456614      1.52%     92.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       110667      0.37%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        32884      0.11%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       221928      0.74%     93.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       114096      0.38%     94.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1731056      5.78%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29949181                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             9845830                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              18870245                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       4260346                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      2834327                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         22                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   2327767                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 18813096                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               64064                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        57127      0.30%      0.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        14552772     77.12%     77.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2834327     15.02%     92.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1426019      7.56%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         18870245                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1731056                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    51429296                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   47008983                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                              4                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            513                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    9845830                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     18870245                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              3.101281                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        3.101281                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.322447                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.322447                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                32504681                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               17599441                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                       60                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                      36                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 14054835                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 8411051                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               11405149                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           367368                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            3889335                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           367368                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.587027                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          466                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          553                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         16148036                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        16148036                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      1806159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1806159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1425091                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1425091                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      3231250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         3231250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      3231250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        3231250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       712989                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       712989                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          928                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          928                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       713917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        713917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       713917                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       713917                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  59271401000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  59271401000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    102282391                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    102282391                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  59373683391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  59373683391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  59373683391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  59373683391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2519148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2519148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1426019                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1426019                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      3945167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3945167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      3945167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3945167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.283028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.283028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000651                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000651                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.180960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.180960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.180960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.180960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83130.877194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83130.877194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 110218.093750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110218.093750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83166.087082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83166.087082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83166.087082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83166.087082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      8327808                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           170435                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    48.862076                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       203311                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           203311                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       346540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       346540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       346546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       346546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       346546                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       346546                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       366449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       366449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          922                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          922                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       367371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       367371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       367371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       367371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32587464000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32587464000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    101142391                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101142391                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32688606391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32688606391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32688606391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32688606391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.145465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.145465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000647                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000647                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88927.692530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88927.692530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 109698.905640                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109698.905640                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88979.822553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88979.822553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88979.822553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88979.822553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                5                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs               1295                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                5                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  259                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          9042333                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         9042333                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      2260577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2260577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      2260577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         2260577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      2260577                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        2260577                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       552500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       552500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       552500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       552500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       552500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       552500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      2260582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2260582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      2260582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      2260582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      2260582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      2260582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       110500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       110500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       110500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       110500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       110500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       110500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            5                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                5                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       547500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       547500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       547500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       547500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       547500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       547500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       109500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       109500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       109500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       109500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       109500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       109500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    315496                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      388372                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    315496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.230989                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        0.704253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.228278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16383.067469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2087                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        12108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1987                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   6193296                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  6193296                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       203311                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           203311                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            5                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                5                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                38                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    38                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         51850                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             51850                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                51888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    51888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               51888                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   51888                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             884                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 884                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                5                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       314599                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          314599                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             315483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 315488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            315483                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                315488                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     99159500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      99159500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       539500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       539500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  31454506000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  31454506000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       539500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  31553665500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      31554205000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       539500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  31553665500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     31554205000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       203311                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       203311                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            5                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            5                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           922                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               922                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              5                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       366449                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        366449                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           367371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               367376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          367371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              367376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.958785                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.958785                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.858507                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.858507                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.858759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.858761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.858759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.858761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 112171.380090                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112171.380090                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       107900                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       107900                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99982.854364                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99982.854364                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       107900                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100017.007256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 100017.132189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       107900                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100017.007256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 100017.132189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               156054                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    156054                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            8                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             8                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          884                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            884                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       314599                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       314599                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        315483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            315488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       315483                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           315488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     90319500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90319500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       489500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       489500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  28308546000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28308546000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       489500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  28398865500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28399355000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       489500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  28398865500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28399355000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.958785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.958785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.858507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.858759                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.858761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.858759                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.858761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102171.380090                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102171.380090                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97900                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        97900                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89982.949723                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89982.949723                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90017.102348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90017.227280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90017.102348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90017.227280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        630973                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       315485                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             314601                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       156054                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           159431                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               884                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              884                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        314604                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       946458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       946458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 946458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     30178496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     30178496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                30178496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            315488                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  315488    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              315488                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy          1329849500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               8.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1662061000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization             10.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       734749                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       367374                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           28                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             24                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           24                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            366451                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       359365                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          323499                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              922                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             922                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       366449                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1102107                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1102122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     36523456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               36524096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          315496                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9987456                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           682872                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000078                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.008810                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 682819     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     53      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             682872                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          570690500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              7500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         551052000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
