
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10961953081750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               51381961                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 96252635                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              122842756                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   124.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6385935931                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11962626481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9190720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            9190720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      6097920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         6097920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          143605                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              143605                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         95280                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              95280                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         601985514                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             601985514                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       399409350                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            399409350                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       399409350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        601985514                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1001394864                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      143605                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      95280                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    143605                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    95280                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                9190720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 6098048                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 9190720                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              6097920                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              8960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              8960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              8960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              8960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              8960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              8994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              8915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              8960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             8960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             8960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             8960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             8960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             8960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             8960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              5886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              5886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              5883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              5902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              5882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              5926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              6002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              6014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              5945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              6005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             6005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             6012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             6022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             6017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             6016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             5879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267307500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                143605                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                95280                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  143605                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   5955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   5955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   5955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   5955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   5954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   5954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   5955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   5955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   5956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   5955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   5955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   5955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   5955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   5955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   5955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   5955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27275                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    560.548488                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   376.256228                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   381.269692                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4350     15.95%     15.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4610     16.90%     32.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1807      6.63%     39.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1542      5.65%     45.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1333      4.89%     50.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2280      8.36%     58.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2516      9.22%     67.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1734      6.36%     73.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         7103     26.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27275                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         5955                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      24.113350                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     21.003816                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     15.312019                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          4784     80.34%     80.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23            17      0.29%     80.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            13      0.22%     80.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             6      0.10%     80.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             6      0.10%     81.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             3      0.05%     81.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            10      0.17%     81.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             3      0.05%     81.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           199      3.34%     84.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55           345      5.79%     90.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           374      6.28%     96.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::60-63           160      2.69%     99.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            32      0.54%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::68-71             3      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          5955                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         5955                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.000336                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000316                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.025917                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             5954     99.98%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          5955                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2398392000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5090985750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  718025000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     16701.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                35451.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       601.99                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       399.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    601.99                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    399.41                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         7.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     4.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    3.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.83                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   124428                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   87185                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 86.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      63910.70                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    88.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 96061560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 51061725                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               513865800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              247328820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         961911600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1352139750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             54198240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3806085510                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       175190400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        827476560                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8085627075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            529.602726                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12160345125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     24876000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     407188000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   3357401750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    456181250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2674935000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8346762125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 98674800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 52446900                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               511473900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              250043220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         956379840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1344581550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             54811200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3790561560                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       167638080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        843409920                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8070416010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            528.606413                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12174948625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     24745500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     404866000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   3425892500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    436567000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2662711500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8312561625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                4552068                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          4552068                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             3693187                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 343564                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        3693187                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1803670                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1889517                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    4637884                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2748351                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         2244                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    2404905                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           2404916                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      18380018                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    4552068                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           2147234                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28129761                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                     22                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  2404905                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.271388                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.708129                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                24254724     79.43%     79.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  444106      1.45%     80.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  252729      0.83%     81.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  287028      0.94%     82.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  386647      1.27%     83.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  808659      2.65%     86.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  593614      1.94%     88.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  198224      0.65%     89.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 3308957     10.84%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.149079                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.601939                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1609084                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             23335951                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  4369619                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1220023                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                    11                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              38821181                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                    11                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 2050072                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               21213420                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  5030776                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              2240409                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              38821182                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               576958                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1258682                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           43544997                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             99973305                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        57630629                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             43544202                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                     859                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  6017365                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             4637913                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            2748373                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            50640                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  38821010                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 38820763                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined            608                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         1375                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.271366                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.177762                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           20674586     67.71%     67.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1257321      4.12%     71.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1778620      5.82%     77.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            1485815      4.87%     82.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1475939      4.83%     87.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1384520      4.53%     91.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1062061      3.48%     95.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             976573      3.20%     98.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             439253      1.44%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 736109    100.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             31434519     80.97%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             4637893     11.95%     92.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2748351      7.08%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              38820763                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.271366                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     736109                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.018962                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         108912320                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         38821629                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     38820738                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              39556872                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1219382                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads           77                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           11                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores           24                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                    11                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                7973694                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               134470                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           38821010                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              4637913                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2748373                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                119694                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            11                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             38820738                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              4637884                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts               22                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     7386235                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 4551981                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2748351                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.271365                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      38820738                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     38820738                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 29146168                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 50421270                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.271365                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.578053                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts            608                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30534612                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.271360                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.805504                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     24686775     80.85%     80.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       358670      1.17%     82.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       181014      0.59%     82.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       539278      1.77%     84.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       227868      0.75%     85.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        79710      0.26%     85.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       183601      0.60%     85.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       151256      0.50%     86.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4126440     13.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30534612                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            18379604                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              38820472                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       7386196                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      4637844                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4551958                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 38820472                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              343544                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        31434276     80.97%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        4637844     11.95%     92.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       2748352      7.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         38820472                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              4126440                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    65229252                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   77642174                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   18379604                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     38820472                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.661335                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.661335                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.601925                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.601925                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                57629739                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               31520406                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 25679958                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                12024082                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               16662002                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           143606                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             701011                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           143606                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             4.881488                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          857                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         24811022                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        24811022                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      3259952                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        3259952                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      2748352                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2748352                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      6008304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         6008304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      6008304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        6008304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       158550                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       158550                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158550                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158550                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14102784000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14102784000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14102784000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14102784000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14102784000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14102784000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3418502                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3418502                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2748352                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2748352                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      6166854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6166854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      6166854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6166854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.046380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.046380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88948.495743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88948.495743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88948.495743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88948.495743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88948.495743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88948.495743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        95778                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            95778                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        14944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        14944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        14944                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14944                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       143606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       143606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       143606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       143606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       143606                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       143606                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12640907000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12640907000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12640907000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12640907000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12640907000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12640907000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.042008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.023287                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023287                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.023287                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023287                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88024.922357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88024.922357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88024.922357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88024.922357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88024.922357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88024.922357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          9619620                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         9619620                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      2404905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2404905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      2404905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         2404905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      2404905                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        2404905                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      2404905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2404905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      2404905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      2404905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      2404905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      2404905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    143605                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      143604                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    143605                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.999993                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data            16384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data               1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          881                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8522                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6886                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2441293                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2441293                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        95778                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            95778                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       143606                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          143606                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             143606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 143606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            143606                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                143606                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12425422500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  12425422500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12425422500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      12425422500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12425422500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     12425422500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        95778                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        95778                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       143606                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        143606                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           143606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               143606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          143606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              143606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total                   1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total                  1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86524.396613                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86524.396613                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86524.396613                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86524.396613                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86524.396613                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86524.396613                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                95279                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     95279                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       143606                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       143606                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        143606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            143606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       143606                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           143606                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10989372500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10989372500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10989372500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10989372500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10989372500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10989372500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total              1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total             1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76524.466248                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76524.466248                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76524.466248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76524.466248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76524.466248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76524.466248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        287211                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       143606                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             143605                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        95280                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            48326                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        143605                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       430816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       430816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 430816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     15288640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     15288640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                15288640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            143605                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  143605    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              143605                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           709300000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          759439250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       287212                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       143606                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              1                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            143606                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       191057                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           96154                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       143606                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       430818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                430818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15320576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15320576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          143605                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   6097856                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           287211                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000007                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.002639                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 287209    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             287211                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          239384000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         215409000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
