
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2854993351375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               96517391                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                178618880                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              268499875                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    56.86                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5488135754                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10156561523                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11468736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           11468864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        85504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           85504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          179199                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              179201                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          1336                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1336                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         751193915                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             751202299                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         5600450                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              5600450                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         5600450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        751193915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            756802749                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      179200                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1336                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    179200                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1336                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               11455872                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   12992                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   86272                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                11468800                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                85504                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    203                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             10722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             10975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            10275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267537000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                179200                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1336                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  136842                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   39092                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2994                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      69                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96786                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    119.235757                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   102.813869                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    73.464408                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        47871     49.46%     49.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        40417     41.76%     91.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7424      7.67%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          914      0.94%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           95      0.10%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           20      0.02%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           13      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            7      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           25      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96786                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           84                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    2150.273810                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   2101.808449                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    451.689235                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      1.19%      1.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      1.19%      2.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      1.19%      3.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            3      3.57%      7.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            7      8.33%     15.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            5      5.95%     21.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            9     10.71%     32.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047           12     14.29%     46.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            7      8.33%     54.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            5      5.95%     60.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431           10     11.90%     72.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            7      8.33%     80.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            3      3.57%     84.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            7      8.33%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            3      3.57%     96.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3199            3      3.57%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            84                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           84                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.047619                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.044933                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.306742                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               82     97.62%     97.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                2      2.38%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            84                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4440039750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7796252250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  894990000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24805.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.03                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43555.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       750.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         5.65                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    751.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      5.60                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.30                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    82397                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    1147                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 46.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      84567.83                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    46.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                338207520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                179731200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               626949120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1654740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1532284830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24704160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5172596670                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       191735040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9272557680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            607.345823                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11842624750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9930000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509627000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    499562750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2904466250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11343758125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                352958760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                187571670                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               651096600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                5381820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1590024120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24308640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5164217100                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       150569760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9330822870                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            611.162151                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11716921500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9732000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509610500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    392516500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3031069500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11324415625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                2362658                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          2362658                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           132838                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1967147                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 118887                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             16868                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1967147                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            925806                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1041341                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        57833                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    1203300                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     163766                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       193503                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2668                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1778051                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        10771                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1841805                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       7557179                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    2362658                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1044693                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28367494                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 272442                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2148                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                2355                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        90402                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1767280                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                22586                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     18                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30440425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.502029                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.780221                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                27668313     90.89%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   55195      0.18%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  759571      2.50%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   76229      0.25%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  193270      0.63%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  155357      0.51%     94.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  135266      0.44%     95.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   60288      0.20%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1336936      4.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30440425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.077376                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.247495                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1058565                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             27307667                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1531795                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               406177                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                136221                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              12814752                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                136221                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1213686                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               25780265                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         43834                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1692177                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1574242                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              12193596                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               125284                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1145043                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                342932                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  2101                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14485285                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             32990893                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        16745779                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           113783                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              5021378                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 9463907                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               520                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           704                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2378550                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1970196                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             233504                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            12858                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           10557                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11306084                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              12298                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  8417614                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            17623                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        7156283                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     13211955                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         12298                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30440425                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.276527                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.006732                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27389646     89.98%     89.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1044773      3.43%     93.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             604796      1.99%     95.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             429756      1.41%     96.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             459479      1.51%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             214389      0.70%     99.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             169625      0.56%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              77318      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              50643      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30440425                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  33724     71.89%     71.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     71.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     71.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 3467      7.39%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  8542     18.21%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  746      1.59%     99.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              420      0.90%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              14      0.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            46013      0.55%      0.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              6835531     81.21%     81.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                3353      0.04%     81.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                34150      0.41%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              43481      0.52%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1270310     15.09%     97.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             175744      2.09%     99.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           9001      0.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            31      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               8417614                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.275674                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      46913                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005573                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          47230765                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         18383123                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      7951944                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             109424                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             91548                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        48014                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               8362099                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  56415                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           14312                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1285263                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          485                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            6                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       134162                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          126                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1494                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                136221                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               22729155                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               315925                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11318382                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             9586                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1970196                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              233504                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              4436                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 27266                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                99509                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             6                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         62086                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        95275                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              157361                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              8193708                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1202463                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           223906                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1366183                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  930639                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    163720                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.268341                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       8047495                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      7999958                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  5942237                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  9656451                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.261996                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.615364                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        7157511                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           136216                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29388095                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.141625                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.745061                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27779344     94.53%     94.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       678030      2.31%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       193746      0.66%     97.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       434704      1.48%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        97559      0.33%     99.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        61632      0.21%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18800      0.06%     99.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12971      0.04%     99.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       111309      0.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29388095                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             2086960                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               4162099                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        784275                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       684933                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    660332                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     39906                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  4121688                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               17550                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        12133      0.29%      0.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         3301319     79.32%     79.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            702      0.02%     79.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           29578      0.71%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         34092      0.82%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         679119     16.32%     97.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         99342      2.39%     99.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         5814      0.14%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          4162099                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               111309                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    40596396                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   23696589                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            785                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          94263                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    2086960                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      4162099                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             14.631180                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       14.631180                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.068347                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.068347                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 9110126                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                6937218                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    84365                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   42187                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  4805655                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 2316177                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4001016                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           293298                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             770303                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           293298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.626349                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          245                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          713                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          5403314                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         5403314                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       646932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         646932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        98038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         98038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       744970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          744970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       744970                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         744970                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       531230                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       531230                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1304                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1304                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       532534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        532534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       532534                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       532534                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34663563500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34663563500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    103469500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    103469500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34767033000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34767033000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34767033000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34767033000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1178162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1178162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        99342                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        99342                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1277504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1277504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1277504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1277504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.450897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.450897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.013126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.416855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.416855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.416855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.416855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65251.517234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65251.517234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79347.776074                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79347.776074                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65286.034319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65286.034319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65286.034319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65286.034319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        37185                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1247                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    29.819567                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3030                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3030                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       239219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       239219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       239236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       239236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       239236                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       239236                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       292011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       292011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1287                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1287                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       293298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       293298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       293298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       293298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18613970500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18613970500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    100449500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100449500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18714420000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18714420000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18714420000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18714420000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.247853                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247853                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.012955                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012955                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.229587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.229587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 63744.072997                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63744.072997                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78049.339549                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78049.339549                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 63806.844915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63806.844915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 63806.844915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63806.844915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                 13                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs             6.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          7069122                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         7069122                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1767278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1767278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1767278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1767278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1767278                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1767278                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       200000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       200000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       200000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       200000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       200000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       200000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1767280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1767280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1767280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1767280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1767280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1767280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       198000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       198000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       198000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       198000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       198000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       198000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        99000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        99000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        99000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    179247                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      411914                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    179247                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.298025                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       11.070594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.094822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16372.834585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9751                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5379                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4870911                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4870911                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3030                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3030                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               335                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   335                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        113765                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            113765                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               114100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   114100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              114100                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  114100                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             952                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 952                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       178246                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          178246                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             179198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 179200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            179198                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                179200                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     94868000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      94868000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       195000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       195000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16939423500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  16939423500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       195000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17034291500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17034486500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       195000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17034291500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17034486500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3030                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3030                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1287                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1287                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       292011                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        292011                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           293298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               293300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          293298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              293300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.739705                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.739705                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.610409                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.610409                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.610976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.610979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.610976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.610979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99651.260504                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99651.260504                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        97500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95033.961491                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95033.961491                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95058.491166                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95058.518415                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95058.491166                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95058.518415                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1336                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1336                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           31                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            31                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          952                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            952                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       178246                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       178246                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        179198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            179200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       179198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           179200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     85348000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     85348000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       175000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       175000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15156963500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15156963500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       175000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15242311500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15242486500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       175000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15242311500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15242486500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.739705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.739705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.610409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.610409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.610976                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.610979                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.610976                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.610979                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89651.260504                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89651.260504                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        87500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        87500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85033.961491                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85033.961491                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        87500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85058.491166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85058.518415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        87500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85058.491166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85058.518415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        358391                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       179203                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             178248                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1336                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           177855                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               952                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              952                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        178248                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       537591                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       537591                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 537591                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11554304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     11554304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                11554304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            179200                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  179200    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              179200                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           423077000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          972521000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       586600                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       293299                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          267                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             87                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           74                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           13                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            292013                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4366                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          468179                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1287                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1287                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       292011                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       879894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                879900                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     18964992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               18965248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          179247                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     85504                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           472547                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000775                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.028791                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 472194     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    340      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                     13      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             472547                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          296332000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         439947000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
