
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2183230209875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               14153286                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 25697310                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               44116174                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   346.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  4898046456                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    8893102409                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         956864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             957504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       862080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          862080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst              10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           14951                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               14961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         13470                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              13470                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             41920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          62673900                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              62715820                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        41920                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            41920                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        56465617                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             56465617                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        56465617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            41920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         62673900                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            119181436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       14960                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      13470                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     14960                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    13470                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 957440                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  862592                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  957440                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               862080                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15266678000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 14960                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                13470                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   14141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     815                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    564                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    568                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    762                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    770                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    772                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    770                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    771                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    769                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    769                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    769                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    772                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    774                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    773                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    773                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    787                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    769                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    769                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        19103                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     95.257918                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    84.295696                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    63.036503                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-127        12992     68.01%     68.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-191         4449     23.29%     91.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-255         1021      5.34%     96.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-319          267      1.40%     98.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-383          141      0.74%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-447           99      0.52%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-511           46      0.24%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-575           45      0.24%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-639           18      0.09%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-703           13      0.07%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-767            8      0.04%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-831            2      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-895            1      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-959            1      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        19103                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          769                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      19.469441                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     19.374036                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.956404                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15                3      0.39%      0.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16               38      4.94%      5.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17               63      8.19%     13.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18              133     17.30%     30.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19              187     24.32%     55.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20              149     19.38%     74.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21               97     12.61%     87.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22               41      5.33%     92.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23               30      3.90%     96.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24               17      2.21%     98.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::25                6      0.78%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26                2      0.26%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::27                2      0.26%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28                1      0.13%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           769                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          769                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.526658                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.500717                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.939376                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              201     26.14%     26.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                3      0.39%     26.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              525     68.27%     94.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               39      5.07%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.13%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           769                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    416385500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               696885500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   74800000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     27833.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                46583.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        62.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        56.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     62.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     56.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.93                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.80                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     4910                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    4420                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 32.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                32.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     536991.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    32.82                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 69143760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 36743190                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                53592840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               34561620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1223748240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            926100090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             32310240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4406243640                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1264668480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         80188500                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8127696390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            532.358236                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          13151440000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     27008500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     518044000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    195175500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3293407000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1570851625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9662857500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 67287360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 35752695                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                53221560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               35793540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1226206800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            923491770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             32285280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4411455150                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1273401120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         73376100                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8132465625                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            532.670618                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13156976500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     26982500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     519072000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    167246750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3316141500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1563571000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9674330375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13347177                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13347177                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1408237                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11148334                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1066906                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            190191                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11148334                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2629139                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         8519195                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       929758                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    6955193                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2321629                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        81457                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        14529                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6557885                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         3245                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7408137                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      56719652                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13347177                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3696045                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     21695905                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2819112                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1127                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        18438                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6554640                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               324055                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30533163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             4.073759                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.669203                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                11953665     39.15%     39.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  532197      1.74%     40.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  898789      2.94%     43.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1352901      4.43%     48.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  587250      1.92%     50.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1165000      3.82%     54.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1026283      3.36%     57.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  472047      1.55%     58.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12545031     41.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30533163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.437115                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.857548                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5563677                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              8254656                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 13849394                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1455880                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1409556                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             111217817                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1409556                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6657052                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                7014779                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        233860                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 13989756                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1228160                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103888729                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                30498                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                727002                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   109                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                264025                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          116586527                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            256917173                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       139985365                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         21066035                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             47509470                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                69077093                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             33131                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         35142                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3310958                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9509703                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3208449                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           157604                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          158795                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  89915261                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             213801                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 71149703                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           673036                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       49081877                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     70586163                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        213785                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30533163                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.330243                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.600408                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           13326057     43.64%     43.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2226994      7.29%     50.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2747092      9.00%     59.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2295639      7.52%     67.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2333311      7.64%     75.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2244912      7.35%     82.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2644531      8.66%     91.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1600398      5.24%     96.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1114229      3.65%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30533163                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1417948     92.25%     92.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     92.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     92.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                84391      5.49%     97.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     97.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     97.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     97.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     97.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     97.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     97.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     97.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     97.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     97.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     97.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     97.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     97.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     97.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     97.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     97.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     97.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     97.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     97.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     97.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     97.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     97.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     97.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     97.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     97.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     97.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     97.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     97.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3254      0.21%     97.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 5162      0.34%     98.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            25965      1.69%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             329      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          1986504      2.79%      2.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             53613626     75.35%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2119      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                71521      0.10%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            5359266      7.53%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             4955988      6.97%     92.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2520309      3.54%     96.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        2639282      3.71%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          1088      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              71149703                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.330127                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1537049                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.021603                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         158584277                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119540535                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     59548113                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           16458371                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          19670619                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      7258258                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              62467320                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                8232928                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          209513                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5888781                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2832                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          250                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1553732                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3142                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            5                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1409556                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                6374781                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                10758                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           90129062                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            50071                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9509703                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3208449                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             88644                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  4444                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4278                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           250                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        421184                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1351170                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1772354                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             67999285                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6914159                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          3150412                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     9235132                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6202318                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2320973                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.226952                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      67368093                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     66806371                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 49294846                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 87626213                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.187885                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.562558                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       49081968                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             16                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1409391                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23079027                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.778551                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.397592                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10665913     46.21%     46.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3063490     13.27%     59.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3453682     14.96%     74.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1823011      7.90%     82.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       926775      4.02%     86.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       763418      3.31%     89.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       330002      1.43%     91.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       318740      1.38%     92.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1733996      7.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23079027                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            18496738                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              41047237                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5275660                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3620939                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4277026                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   3243957                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 38258654                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              366891                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       741520      1.81%      1.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        32538179     79.27%     81.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             94      0.00%     81.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           47268      0.12%     81.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       2444516      5.96%     87.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     87.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     87.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     87.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     87.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     87.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     87.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     87.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     87.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     87.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     87.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     87.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     87.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     87.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     87.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     87.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     87.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     87.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     87.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     87.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     87.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2835315      6.91%     94.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1654721      4.03%     98.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       785624      1.91%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         41047237                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1733996                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   111474236                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  187854832                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            237                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           1525                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   18496738                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     41047237                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.650815                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.650815                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.605761                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.605761                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                86214950                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               50839813                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 11420414                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 6873043                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 35857132                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                17734725                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               21782495                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            18132                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             510259                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            18132                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            28.141352                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          753                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         33304372                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        33304372                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6647527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6647527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1645573                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1645573                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8293100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8293100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8293100                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8293100                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        19056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         9404                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9404                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        28460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         28460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        28460                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        28460                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1359175000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1359175000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    786989500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    786989500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2146164500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2146164500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2146164500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2146164500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6666583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6666583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1654977                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1654977                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8321560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8321560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8321560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8321560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005682                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005682                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71325.304366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71325.304366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83686.675883                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83686.675883                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75409.855938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75409.855938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75409.855938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75409.855938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           20                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15536                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            15536                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         9872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        10309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        10309                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10309                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8967                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8967                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        18151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        18151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    773122500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    773122500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    750154000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    750154000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1523276500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1523276500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1523276500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1523276500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005418                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005418                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002181                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002181                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002181                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002181                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84181.456882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84181.456882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83657.187465                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83657.187465                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83922.456063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83922.456063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83922.456063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83922.456063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1812                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.527221                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             504568                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1812                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           278.459161                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.527221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1002                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         26220393                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        26220393                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6552745                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6552745                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6552745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6552745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6552745                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6552745                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1895                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1895                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1895                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1895                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     25137000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     25137000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     25137000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     25137000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     25137000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     25137000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6554640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6554640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6554640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6554640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6554640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6554640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13264.907652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13264.907652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13264.907652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13264.907652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13264.907652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13264.907652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           62                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     22973500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22973500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     22973500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     22973500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     22973500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     22973500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12533.278778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12533.278778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12533.278778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12533.278778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12533.278778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12533.278778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     14969                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       23208                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     14969                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.550404                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      198.675045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst       201.012982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     15984.311974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.012126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.012269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.975605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          967                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8812                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6500                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    334065                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   334065                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        15536                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            15536                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1812                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1812                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               20                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   20                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               994                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   994                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1802                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1802                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          2187                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2187                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 3181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     4983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1802                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                3181                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    4983                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            7953                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                7953                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total               10                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         6997                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            6997                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                 10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              14950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  14960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                10                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             14950                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 14960                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    726025500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     726025500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1255000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      1255000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    736036000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    736036000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1255000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1462061500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1463316500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1255000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1462061500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1463316500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        15536                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15536                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1812                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1812                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          8947                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              8947                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1812                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1812                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         9184                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          9184                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            18131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                19943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           18131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               19943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.888901                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.888901                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005519                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.005519                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.761868                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.761868                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.005519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.824555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.750138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.005519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.824555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.750138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91289.513391                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91289.513391                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       125500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       125500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105193.082750                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105193.082750                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       125500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97796.755853                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97815.274064                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       125500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97796.755853                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97815.274064                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                13470                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     13470                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7953                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           7953                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6997                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         6997                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         14950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             14960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            14960                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    646495500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    646495500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1155000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1155000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    666056000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    666056000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1155000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1312551500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1313706500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1155000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1312551500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1313706500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.888901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.761868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.761868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.824555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.750138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.824555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.750138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81289.513391                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81289.513391                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       115500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       115500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95191.653566                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95191.653566                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       115500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87796.086957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87814.605615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       115500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87796.086957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87814.605615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         29537                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        14577                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7008                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        13470                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1107                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              7953                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             7953                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          7007                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        44498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        44498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  44498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1819584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1819584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1819584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             14960                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   14960    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               14960                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            86971000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           81313500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        39928                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        19946                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           61                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            400                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          398                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             11018                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        29006                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1812                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            4095                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              20                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             20                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8947                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8947                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1833                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         9184                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5457                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        54435                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 59892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       231936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2154752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2386688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           14990                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    863424                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            34953                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.013304                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.115071                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  34490     98.68%     98.68% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    461      1.32%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      2      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              34953                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           37312000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2749500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          27208000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
