
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10702408231625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              115252656                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                215516694                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              281117408                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    54.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6259311464                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11704600861                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          25856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10010304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10036160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        25856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         25856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9965312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9965312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             404                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156411                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156815                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155708                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155708                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1693549                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         655667673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             657361223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1693549                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1693549                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       652720730                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            652720730                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       652720730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1693549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        655667673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1310081952                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156816                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155708                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156816                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155708                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10036224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9965248                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10036224                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9965312                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             10092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            10180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            10105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267377000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156816                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155708                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155618                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     774                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     295                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9742                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9740                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9753                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9742                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27484                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    727.747344                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   566.131266                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   360.381233                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2145      7.80%      7.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2168      7.89%     15.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2131      7.75%     23.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1631      5.93%     29.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1419      5.16%     34.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1517      5.52%     40.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1307      4.76%     44.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1360      4.95%     49.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13806     50.23%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27484                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9724                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.126594                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.075006                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.633534                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               6      0.06%      0.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             50      0.51%      0.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           101      1.04%      1.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9418     96.85%     98.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           110      1.13%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            23      0.24%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             3      0.03%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             5      0.05%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             3      0.03%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-59             1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::60-63             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9724                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9724                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.012649                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.011400                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.217378                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9684     99.59%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                3      0.03%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               11      0.11%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               16      0.16%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                4      0.04%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                5      0.05%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9724                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2892318250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5832618250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  784080000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18444.03                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37194.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       657.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       652.72                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    657.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    652.72                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143260                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141778                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48851.85                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98446320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52321665                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               561853740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              406998180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         754777920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1519477500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             62880960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2078163570                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       328638240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1575117360                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7438702965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            487.229665                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11771408250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     43934750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     319922000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6358133000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    855860750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3132079125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4557414500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97796580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51980115                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               557812500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              405792360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         750475440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1508970120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             62996160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2079207810                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       324044160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1581792780                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7421129535                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            486.078618                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11792622250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     43621500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     318072000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6390039000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    843905500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3112202500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4559503625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1283243                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1283243                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7402                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1274118                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4189                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               887                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1274118                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1232435                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           41683                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5073                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     416257                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1267903                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          829                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2648                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      63563                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          313                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   58                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             89224                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5747986                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1283243                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1236624                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30399561                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  15534                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 186                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         2722                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    63352                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2179                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30499460                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.378739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.641786                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28789929     94.39%     94.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   45809      0.15%     94.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   50221      0.16%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  256675      0.84%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   32511      0.11%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   11782      0.04%     95.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   11953      0.04%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   30257      0.10%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1270323      4.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30499460                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.042026                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.188244                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  412325                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28628586                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   674105                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               776677                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  7767                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11478000                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  7767                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  688412                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 280231                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         14895                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1173320                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28334835                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11440079                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1566                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 26727                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  7545                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28031847                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14615868                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24212228                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13166279                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           444471                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14315462                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  300406                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               161                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           169                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4771311                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              427687                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1276529                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            30959                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           28860                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11372662                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                811                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11303648                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2081                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         193582                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       281100                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           663                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30499460                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.370618                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.253608                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27438596     89.96%     89.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             493391      1.62%     91.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             533792      1.75%     93.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             358607      1.18%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             312916      1.03%     95.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1005710      3.30%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             138174      0.45%     99.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             188598      0.62%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              29676      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30499460                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  83669     92.96%     92.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     92.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     92.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  567      0.63%     93.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     93.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     93.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     93.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     93.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     93.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     93.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     93.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     93.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     93.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     93.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     93.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     93.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     93.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     93.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     93.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     93.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     93.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     93.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     93.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     93.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     93.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     93.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     93.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     93.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     93.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     93.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     93.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  1146      1.27%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  242      0.27%     95.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             4170      4.63%     99.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             211      0.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             5559      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9486208     83.92%     83.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  93      0.00%     83.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  338      0.00%     83.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             122735      1.09%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              350341      3.10%     88.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1215630     10.75%     98.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          69009      0.61%     99.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         53735      0.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11303648                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.370190                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      90005                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.007962                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52650235                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11270629                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11007929                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             548607                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            296679                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       269285                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11111348                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 276746                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2533                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27051                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           61                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          268                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14073                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           20                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          821                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  7767                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  72033                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               166831                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11373473                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             1118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               427687                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1276529                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               367                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   587                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               165990                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           268                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2164                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7151                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9315                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11286215                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               416026                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            17433                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1683879                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1253163                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1267853                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.369619                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11280811                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11277214                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8244447                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11494642                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.369325                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.717243                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         193863                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7575                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30468539                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.366932                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286879                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27519324     90.32%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       367333      1.21%     91.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       328093      1.08%     92.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1092763      3.59%     96.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        73094      0.24%     96.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       641204      2.10%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        83621      0.27%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        26895      0.09%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       336212      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30468539                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5539885                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11179891                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1663092                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       400636                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1245605                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    265045                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11036079                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1227                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3226      0.03%      0.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9392831     84.02%     84.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             74      0.00%     84.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             276      0.00%     84.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        120392      1.08%     85.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         334475      2.99%     88.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1209266     10.82%     98.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        66161      0.59%     99.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        53190      0.48%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11179891                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               336212                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41506081                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   22778934                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            329                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          35228                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5539885                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11179891                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.511791                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.511791                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.181429                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.181429                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12918360                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8539481                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   419120                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  214507                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6249029                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5674471                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4198756                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156465                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1466050                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156465                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.369827                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          829                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6855673                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6855673                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       407275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         407275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1107726                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1107726                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1515001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1515001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1515001                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1515001                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         5031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154770                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154770                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       159801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        159801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       159801                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       159801                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    461284500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    461284500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13960951999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13960951999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14422236499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14422236499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14422236499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14422236499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       412306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       412306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1262496                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1262496                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1674802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1674802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1674802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1674802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.012202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.122590                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.122590                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.095415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.095415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91688.431723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91688.431723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90204.509911                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90204.509911                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90251.228084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90251.228084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90251.228084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90251.228084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        18536                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          303                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              200                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    92.680000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          101                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155183                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155183                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3332                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3332                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154760                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154760                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    180182000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    180182000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13805520499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13805520499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13985702499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13985702499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13985702499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13985702499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.122583                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122583                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105431.246343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105431.246343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89205.999606                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89205.999606                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89383.216477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89383.216477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89383.216477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89383.216477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              726                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1018.999218                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              29337                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              726                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            40.409091                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1018.999218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          811                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           254138                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          254138                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        62478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          62478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        62478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           62478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        62478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          62478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          874                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          874                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     56700000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     56700000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     56700000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     56700000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     56700000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     56700000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        63352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        63352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        63352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        63352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        63352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        63352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64874.141876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64874.141876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64874.141876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64874.141876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64874.141876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64874.141876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           16                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           16                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          726                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              726                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          144                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          144                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     48587500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48587500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     48587500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48587500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     48587500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48587500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66558.219178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66558.219178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66558.219178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66558.219178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66558.219178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66558.219178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157455                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      157032                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157455                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       52.544880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        32.639192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16298.815927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          830                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9377                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6091                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2672319                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2672319                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155183                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155183                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          725                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              725                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            322                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                322                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            36                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                36                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   53                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 322                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  53                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     375                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154739                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154739                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          404                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              404                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1673                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1673                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               404                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156412                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156816                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13573057500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13573057500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44087500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     44087500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    177147500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    177147500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44087500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13750205000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13794292500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44087500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13750205000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13794292500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155183                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155183                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          725                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          725                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154756                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154756                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          726                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            726                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1709                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1709                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999890                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999890                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.556474                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.556474                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.978935                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.978935                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.556474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999661                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.556474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87715.815018                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87715.815018                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109127.475248                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109127.475248                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105886.132696                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105886.132696                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109127.475248                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87910.166739                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87964.828206                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109127.475248                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87910.166739                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87964.828206                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155707                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155707                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154739                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154739                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          404                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1673                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1673                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12025677500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12025677500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40047500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40047500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    160417500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    160417500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40047500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12186095000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12226142500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40047500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12186095000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12226142500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.556474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.556474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.978935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.978935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.556474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.556474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77715.879642                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77715.879642                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99127.475248                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99127.475248                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95886.132696                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95886.132696                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99127.475248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77910.230673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77964.891975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99127.475248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77910.230673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77964.891975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        313749                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156945                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2077                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155708                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1225                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154739                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154738                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          2077                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       470564                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       470564                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 470564                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     20001472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     20001472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                20001472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156816                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156816    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156816                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           937254500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          824701500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       314390                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157191                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          140                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            615                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          615                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2439                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       310890                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          726                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3030                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154756                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154756                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           730                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1709                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2182                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       469403                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                471585                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        92928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19945472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20038400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157459                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9965504                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           314654                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002399                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.048926                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 313899     99.76%     99.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    755      0.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             314654                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          313104000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1095000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         234699999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
