
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7862682224375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               80597250                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                150006627                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              208042009                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    73.39                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5914696562                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11008364359                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12622080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12622080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        21184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           21184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          197220                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              197220                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           331                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                331                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         826737113                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             826737113                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1387537                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1387537                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1387537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        826737113                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            828124649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      197220                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        331                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    197220                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      331                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12620032                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    1984                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   21504                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12622080                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                21184                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     31                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267356000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                197220                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  331                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  148866                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   45249                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3039                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97219                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    130.040095                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.820109                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.266615                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40746     41.91%     41.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45164     46.46%     88.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9789     10.07%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1361      1.40%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          135      0.14%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767            8      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           11      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97219                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           21                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    9458.380952                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   9171.839559                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2361.626060                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      4.76%      4.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      4.76%      9.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      4.76%     14.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      4.76%     19.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            2      9.52%     28.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            2      9.52%     38.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            4     19.05%     57.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            2      9.52%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      4.76%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            2      9.52%     80.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            2      9.52%     90.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            2      9.52%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            21                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           21                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               21    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            21                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4793527750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8490802750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  985940000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24309.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    4999.97                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43059.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       826.60                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.41                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    826.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.39                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   100005                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     298                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77283.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.78                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                346368540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                184095450                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               701447880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1101420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1634843790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24468480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5184680100                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        95434560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9377749260                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.235795                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11619239000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9462000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    248526500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3128783125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11370712500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                347789400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184846860                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               706481580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 652500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1641447810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24606720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5163492060                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       107390880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     668940.000000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9382685790                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.559134                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11603524500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9804000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509866000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF       486000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    279741250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3143504000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11323942875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1377323                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1377323                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            50635                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1043611                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  30591                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              4197                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1043611                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            602030                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          441581                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        15618                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     633761                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      34507                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       140269                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          710                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1180953                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2191                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1203553                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3903025                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1377323                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            632621                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29221189                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 102662                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1941                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 498                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        21264                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1178762                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 5279                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      5                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30499776                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.256827                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.275484                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28948330     94.91%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   18756      0.06%     94.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  605705      1.99%     96.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   16702      0.05%     97.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  110546      0.36%     97.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   41182      0.14%     97.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   73721      0.24%     97.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   16191      0.05%     97.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  668643      2.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30499776                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.045107                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.127823                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  565798                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28886203                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   712305                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               284139                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 51331                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6452373                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 51331                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  644546                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27758707                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          8709                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   844593                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1191890                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6210827                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                40089                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                973842                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                168623                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   638                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7420626                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             17422899                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8044205                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            26690                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2777038                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4643588                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               178                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           209                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1827364                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1144164                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              49384                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             2363                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3108                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   5930386                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               2986                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4211881                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             4044                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3616506                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      7929410                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          2986                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30499776                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.138095                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.668926                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28713596     94.14%     94.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             737601      2.42%     96.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             380482      1.25%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             253174      0.83%     98.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             259489      0.85%     99.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              65624      0.22%     99.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              56098      0.18%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              18566      0.06%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              15146      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30499776                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   7795     69.35%     69.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     69.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     69.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  816      7.26%     76.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     76.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     76.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     76.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     76.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     76.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     76.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     76.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     76.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     76.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     76.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     76.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     76.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     76.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     76.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     76.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     76.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     76.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     76.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     76.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     76.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     76.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     76.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     76.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     76.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     76.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     76.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2310     20.55%     97.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  181      1.61%     98.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               76      0.68%     99.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              62      0.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            11061      0.26%      0.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3487215     82.79%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 479      0.01%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 7444      0.18%     83.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              10312      0.24%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              656471     15.59%     99.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              36742      0.87%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           1895      0.04%     99.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           262      0.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4211881                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.137938                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      11240                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002669                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          38912735                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          9527587                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4058052                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              26087                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             22296                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        11496                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4198620                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  13440                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3667                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       704454                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          103                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            6                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        27702                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           27                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1312                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 51331                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               26394528                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               236462                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            5933372                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2648                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1144164                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               49384                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1106                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 14580                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                34346                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             6                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         28142                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        27846                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               55988                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4149961                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               633580                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            61920                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      668074                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  506156                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     34494                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.135910                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4080766                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4069548                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  2986853                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4721282                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.133276                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.632636                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3616804                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            51329                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29998941                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.077232                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.505689                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28974737     96.59%     96.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       476610      1.59%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       113315      0.38%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       312572      1.04%     99.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        51475      0.17%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26040      0.09%     99.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5151      0.02%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3424      0.01%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35617      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29998941                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1159017                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2316866                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        461392                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       439710                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    420428                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      8676                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2308082                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3825                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2628      0.11%      0.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1838896     79.37%     79.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            153      0.01%     79.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            6381      0.28%     79.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          7416      0.32%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         438450     18.92%     99.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         21682      0.94%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1260      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2316866                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                35617                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35896994                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   12369209                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            253                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          34912                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1159017                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2316866                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             26.345332                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       26.345332                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.037957                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.037957                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4046160                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3534140                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    20317                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   10052                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2691708                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1117794                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2218980                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           231003                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             242714                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           231003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.050696                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          790                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2823543                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2823543                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       218252                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         218252                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        20843                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20843                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       239095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          239095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       239095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         239095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       408201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       408201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          839                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          839                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       409040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        409040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       409040                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       409040                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34521539000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34521539000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     30261498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     30261498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34551800498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34551800498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34551800498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34551800498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       626453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       626453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        21682                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21682                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       648135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       648135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       648135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       648135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.651607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.651607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038696                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.038696                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.631103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.631103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.631103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.631103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84569.952058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84569.952058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36068.531585                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36068.531585                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84470.468653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84470.468653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84470.468653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84470.468653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        17844                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              844                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    21.142180                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       178035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       178035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       178037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       178037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       178037                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       178037                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       230166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       230166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          837                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          837                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       231003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       231003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       231003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       231003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19369092000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19369092000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     29336998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29336998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19398428998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19398428998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19398428998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19398428998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.367411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.367411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038603                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038603                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.356412                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356412                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.356412                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356412                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84152.707177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84152.707177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35050.176822                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35050.176822                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83974.792527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83974.792527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83974.792527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83974.792527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4715048                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4715048                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1178762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1178762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1178762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1178762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1178762                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1178762                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1178762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1178762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1178762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1178762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1178762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1178762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    197223                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      255573                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    197223                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.295858                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.989791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.010209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1214                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10716                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4305                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3890663                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3890663                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2169                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2169                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               626                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   626                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         33157                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             33157                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                33783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    33783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               33783                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   33783                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             211                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 211                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       197009                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          197009                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             197220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 197220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            197220                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                197220                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     21204000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      21204000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18649251500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18649251500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18670455500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18670455500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18670455500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18670455500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2169                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2169                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           837                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               837                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       230166                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        230166                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           231003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               231003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          231003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              231003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.252091                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.252091                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.855943                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.855943                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.853755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.853755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.853755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.853755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100492.890995                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100492.890995                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94661.926612                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94661.926612                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94668.164993                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94668.164993                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94668.164993                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94668.164993                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  331                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       331                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            211                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197009                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       197009                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        197220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            197220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197220                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           197220                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     19094000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19094000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16679161500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16679161500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16698255500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16698255500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16698255500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16698255500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.252091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.855943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.855943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.853755                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.853755                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.853755                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.853755                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90492.890995                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90492.890995                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84661.926612                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84661.926612                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84668.164993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84668.164993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84668.164993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84668.164993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        394437                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       197222                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             197009                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          331                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           196886                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               211                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              211                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        197009                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       591657                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       591657                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 591657                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12643264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12643264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12643264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            197220                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  197220    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              197220                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           465466000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1065134500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       462006                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       231003                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          585                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              6                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            6                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            230166                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2500                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          425726                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              837                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             837                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       230166                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       693009                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                693009                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14923008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14923008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          197223                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     21184                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           428226                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001380                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.037124                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 427635     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    591      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             428226                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          233172000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         346504500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
